App_Browsers
App_Config
App_Data
bin
layouts
Properties
sitecore
sitecore modules
sitecore_files
temp
Views
xsl
App_Config/Environment
App_Config/Include
App_Config/Prefetch
App_Config/Security
App_Config/Sitecore
App_Config/Include/Examples
App_Config/Sitecore/AntiCSRFModule
App_Config/Sitecore/Buckets
App_Config/Sitecore/CampaignCreator
App_Config/Sitecore/CMS.Core
App_Config/Sitecore/Contact.Enrichment.Services.Client
App_Config/Sitecore/ContentSearch
App_Config/Sitecore/ContentSearch.Azure
App_Config/Sitecore/ContentTagging
App_Config/Sitecore/ContentTesting
App_Config/Sitecore/DetectionServices.Location
App_Config/Sitecore/DeviceDetection.Client
App_Config/Sitecore/EmailExperience
App_Config/Sitecore/Experience Editor
App_Config/Sitecore/ExperienceAnalytics
App_Config/Sitecore/ExperienceContentManagement.Administration
App_Config/Sitecore/ExperienceExplorer
App_Config/Sitecore/ExperienceForms
App_Config/Sitecore/ExperienceProfile
App_Config/Sitecore/FederatedExperienceManager
App_Config/Sitecore/ItemWebApi
App_Config/Sitecore/LaunchPad
App_Config/Sitecore/ListManagement
App_Config/Sitecore/Marketing.Assets
App_Config/Sitecore/Marketing.Automation.ActivityDescriptors.Client
App_Config/Sitecore/Marketing.Automation.Client
App_Config/Sitecore/Marketing.Client
App_Config/Sitecore/Marketing.Operations.Xdb.ReferenceData
App_Config/Sitecore/Marketing.Operations.xMgmt
App_Config/Sitecore/Marketing.Segmentation.xMgmt
App_Config/Sitecore/Marketing.Tracking
App_Config/Sitecore/Marketing.xDB
App_Config/Sitecore/Marketing.Xdb.MarketingAutomation.Locators
App_Config/Sitecore/Marketing.Xdb.MarketingAutomation.Operations
App_Config/Sitecore/Marketing.Xdb.MarketingAutomation.Reporting
App_Config/Sitecore/Marketing.Xdb.MarketingAutomation.Tracking
App_Config/Sitecore/Marketing.Xdb.ReferenceData.Client
App_Config/Sitecore/Marketing.Xdb.ReferenceData.Core
App_Config/Sitecore/Marketing.Xdb.ReferenceData.Service
App_Config/Sitecore/Marketing.Xdb.ReferenceData.SqlServer
App_Config/Sitecore/Marketing.Xdb.Sql.Common
App_Config/Sitecore/Messaging
App_Config/Sitecore/Mvc
App_Config/Sitecore/MVC.DeviceSimulator
App_Config/Sitecore/MVC.ExperienceEditor
App_Config/Sitecore/Owin.Authentication
App_Config/Sitecore/Owin.Authentication.IdentityServer
App_Config/Sitecore/PathAnalyzer
App_Config/Sitecore/Processing.Tasks.Messaging.Xmgmt
App_Config/Sitecore/Reporting
App_Config/Sitecore/Services.Client
App_Config/Sitecore/SPEAK
App_Config/Sitecore/Speak.Applications
App_Config/Sitecore/SPEAK.Components
App_Config/Sitecore/Speak.Integration
App_Config/Sitecore/Tracking.Web.MVC
App_Config/Sitecore/Tracking.Web.RobotDetection
App_Config/Sitecore/TransientFaultHandling
App_Config/Sitecore/Update
App_Config/Sitecore/UpdateCenter
App_Config/Sitecore/XConnect.Client.Configuration
App_Config/Sitecore/Marketing.Tracking/Channel
App_Data/debug
App_Data/logs
App_Data/packages
App_Data/tools
App_Data/viewstate
App_Data/tools/phantomjs
bin/de
layouts/SimulatedDevicePreview
layouts/System
sitecore/admin
sitecore/Copyrights
sitecore/debug
sitecore/images
sitecore/Localization
sitecore/login
sitecore/MarketingAutomation
sitecore/portal
sitecore/service
sitecore/shell
sitecore/admin/assets
sitecore/admin/Packages
sitecore/admin/supportpackage
sitecore/admin/Wizard
sitecore/admin/xdb
sitecore/admin/Wizard/Images
sitecore/admin/Wizard/Lib
sitecore/admin/Wizard/Lib/jquery.ui.1.7.3
sitecore/admin/Wizard/Lib/jsdifflib
sitecore/portal/IDE
sitecore/portal/Tech
sitecore/service/xdb
sitecore/shell/Applications
sitecore/shell/client
sitecore/shell/Configuration
sitecore/shell/Controls
sitecore/shell/Feeds
sitecore/shell/Schemas
sitecore/shell/templates
sitecore/shell/Themes
sitecore/shell/version
sitecore/shell/WebService
sitecore/shell/Applications/Analytics
sitecore/shell/Applications/Archives
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets
sitecore/shell/Applications/Carousel
sitecore/shell/Applications/Content Manager
sitecore/shell/Applications/ContentSearch
sitecore/shell/Applications/ControlPanel
sitecore/shell/Applications/Databases
sitecore/shell/Applications/Debugger
sitecore/shell/Applications/Dialogs
sitecore/shell/Applications/Feeds
sitecore/shell/Applications/Files
sitecore/shell/Applications/FlashUpload
sitecore/shell/Applications/Floatie
sitecore/shell/Applications/FXM
sitecore/shell/Applications/Globalization
sitecore/shell/Applications/Install
sitecore/shell/Applications/ItemBrowser
sitecore/shell/Applications/Layouts
sitecore/shell/Applications/Licenses
sitecore/shell/Applications/Links
sitecore/shell/Applications/Login
sitecore/shell/Applications/Masters
sitecore/shell/Applications/Media
sitecore/shell/Applications/Notification
sitecore/shell/Applications/Page Modes
sitecore/shell/Applications/PageScreenshots
sitecore/shell/Applications/Portlets
sitecore/shell/Applications/Preview
sitecore/shell/Applications/ReferringSiteClassification
sitecore/shell/Applications/Reports
sitecore/shell/Applications/Rules
sitecore/shell/Applications/Search
sitecore/shell/Applications/Security
sitecore/shell/Applications/SitecoreApps
sitecore/shell/Applications/Startbar
sitecore/shell/Applications/Templates
sitecore/shell/Applications/Tools
sitecore/shell/Applications/WebEdit
sitecore/shell/Applications/Workbox
sitecore/shell/Applications/Xaml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Analytics/CampaignField
sitecore/shell/Applications/Analytics/Filters
sitecore/shell/Applications/Analytics/GoogleMap
sitecore/shell/Applications/Analytics/MarketingCenter
sitecore/shell/Applications/Analytics/Personalization
sitecore/shell/Applications/Analytics/SegmentBuilder
sitecore/shell/Applications/Analytics/Subscription
sitecore/shell/Applications/Analytics/SynchronizeDatabase
sitecore/shell/Applications/Analytics/TrackingField
sitecore/shell/Applications/Analytics/VisitorIdentifications
sitecore/shell/Applications/Analytics/Filters/FilterDetails
sitecore/shell/Applications/Analytics/Personalization/Carousel
sitecore/shell/Applications/Analytics/Personalization/Chart
sitecore/shell/Applications/Analytics/Personalization/FieldTypes
sitecore/shell/Applications/Analytics/Personalization/TextBoxSlider
sitecore/shell/Applications/Analytics/Personalization/ToolTip
sitecore/shell/Applications/Archives/RecycleBin
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/libs
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/scripts
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/services
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/styles
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/icons
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/Thumbnails
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/libs/almond
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/libs/es5-shim
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/libs/jquery
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/libs/jquery-linedtextarea
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/libs/jquery-ui
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/libs/knockout
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/libs/knockout-jqueryui
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/libs/requirejs
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/libs/jquery-ui/css
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/libs/jquery-ui/js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/libs/jquery-ui/css/smoothness
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/libs/jquery-ui/css/smoothness/images
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/scripts/searchBox
sitecore/shell/Applications/Content Manager/Dialogs
sitecore/shell/Applications/Content Manager/Editors
sitecore/shell/Applications/Content Manager/Galleries
sitecore/shell/Applications/Content Manager/Localization
sitecore/shell/Applications/Content Manager/Skins
sitecore/shell/Applications/Content Manager/Dialogs/Aliases
sitecore/shell/Applications/Content Manager/Dialogs/EditHtml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Content Manager/Dialogs/FixHtml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Content Manager/Dialogs/LayoutDetails
sitecore/shell/Applications/Content Manager/Dialogs/OneColumnPreview
sitecore/shell/Applications/Content Manager/Dialogs/Properties
sitecore/shell/Applications/Content Manager/Dialogs/ResetFields
sitecore/shell/Applications/Content Manager/Dialogs/Set Help
sitecore/shell/Applications/Content Manager/Dialogs/Set Icon
sitecore/shell/Applications/Content Manager/Dialogs/Set Publishing
sitecore/shell/Applications/Content Manager/Dialogs/Set Subitems Sorting
sitecore/shell/Applications/Content Manager/Dialogs/Set Tree Node Style
sitecore/shell/Applications/Content Manager/Dialogs/SetMasters
sitecore/shell/Applications/Content Manager/Dialogs/SetThumbnail
sitecore/shell/Applications/Content Manager/Dialogs/TreeListExEditor
sitecore/shell/Applications/Content Manager/Dialogs/ValidationResult
sitecore/shell/Applications/Content Manager/Editors/Folder
sitecore/shell/Applications/Content Manager/Editors/Preview
sitecore/shell/Applications/Content Manager/Galleries/Access Viewer
sitecore/shell/Applications/Content Manager/Galleries/Archives
sitecore/shell/Applications/Content Manager/Galleries/Domains
sitecore/shell/Applications/Content Manager/Galleries/Favorites
sitecore/shell/Applications/Content Manager/Galleries/Icons
sitecore/shell/Applications/Content Manager/Galleries/Indexes
sitecore/shell/Applications/Content Manager/Galleries/Languages
sitecore/shell/Applications/Content Manager/Galleries/Layout
sitecore/shell/Applications/Content Manager/Galleries/LayoutPresets
sitecore/shell/Applications/Content Manager/Galleries/Links
sitecore/shell/Applications/Content Manager/Galleries/Menus
sitecore/shell/Applications/Content Manager/Galleries/New
sitecore/shell/Applications/Content Manager/Galleries/Open
sitecore/shell/Applications/Content Manager/Galleries/Reminders
sitecore/shell/Applications/Content Manager/Galleries/Security
sitecore/shell/Applications/Content Manager/Galleries/Security Presets
sitecore/shell/Applications/Content Manager/Galleries/Subitems
sitecore/shell/Applications/Content Manager/Galleries/Users
sitecore/shell/Applications/Content Manager/Galleries/Versions
sitecore/shell/Applications/Content Manager/Galleries/WorkflowEdit
sitecore/shell/Applications/ControlPanel/ControlPanel
sitecore/shell/Applications/ControlPanel/Preferences
sitecore/shell/Applications/ControlPanel/Preferences/ColorPicker
sitecore/shell/Applications/ControlPanel/Preferences/RegionalSettings
sitecore/shell/Applications/ControlPanel/Preferences/UserInformation
sitecore/shell/Applications/ControlPanel/Preferences/UserOptions
sitecore/shell/Applications/ControlPanel/Preferences/Wallpaper
sitecore/shell/Applications/Databases/CleanUp
sitecore/shell/Applications/Databases/DatabaseUsage
sitecore/shell/Applications/Debugger/Portlets
sitecore/shell/Applications/Debugger/RenderingInfo
sitecore/shell/Applications/Debugger/Portlets/Debugger Debugging
sitecore/shell/Applications/Debugger/Portlets/Debugger Profiling
sitecore/shell/Applications/Debugger/Portlets/Debugger Tracing
sitecore/shell/Applications/Dialogs/About
sitecore/shell/Applications/Dialogs/Alert
sitecore/shell/Applications/Dialogs/AnchorLink
sitecore/shell/Applications/Dialogs/Archive item
sitecore/shell/Applications/Dialogs/Attach
sitecore/shell/Applications/Dialogs/Clone
sitecore/shell/Applications/Dialogs/Confirm
sitecore/shell/Applications/Dialogs/ContinueAlwaysAbort
sitecore/shell/Applications/Dialogs/CopyTo
sitecore/shell/Applications/Dialogs/CustomizeRibbon
sitecore/shell/Applications/Dialogs/DateTimeSelectors
sitecore/shell/Applications/Dialogs/DesktopLink
sitecore/shell/Applications/Dialogs/Diff
sitecore/shell/Applications/Dialogs/ExternalLink
sitecore/shell/Applications/Dialogs/GeneralLink
sitecore/shell/Applications/Dialogs/InsertLink
sitecore/shell/Applications/Dialogs/InternalLink
sitecore/shell/Applications/Dialogs/ItemLister
sitecore/shell/Applications/Dialogs/JavascriptLink
sitecore/shell/Applications/Dialogs/MailLink
sitecore/shell/Applications/Dialogs/MediaLink
sitecore/shell/Applications/Dialogs/MoveTo
sitecore/shell/Applications/Dialogs/OrganizeFavorites
sitecore/shell/Applications/Dialogs/Progress
sitecore/shell/Applications/Dialogs/Prompt
sitecore/shell/Applications/Dialogs/Publish
sitecore/shell/Applications/Dialogs/PublishingViewer
sitecore/shell/Applications/Dialogs/RebuildLinkDatabase
sitecore/shell/Applications/Dialogs/Reminder
sitecore/shell/Applications/Dialogs/ResetLayout
sitecore/shell/Applications/Dialogs/SelectItem
sitecore/shell/Applications/Dialogs/SelectItems
sitecore/shell/Applications/Dialogs/SelectLayoutPreset
sitecore/shell/Applications/Dialogs/SelectRendering
sitecore/shell/Applications/Dialogs/SelectRenderingDatasource
sitecore/shell/Applications/Dialogs/SilverlightNotification
sitecore/shell/Applications/Dialogs/Sort
sitecore/shell/Applications/Dialogs/Testing
sitecore/shell/Applications/Dialogs/TransferToDatabase
sitecore/shell/Applications/Dialogs/Upload
sitecore/shell/Applications/Dialogs/YesNoCancel
sitecore/shell/Applications/Feeds/Layouts
sitecore/shell/Applications/Feeds/SetFeedPresentation
sitecore/shell/Applications/Files/FileBrowser
sitecore/shell/Applications/Files/FileExplorer
sitecore/shell/Applications/Files/FileLister
sitecore/shell/Applications/Files/FileSaver
sitecore/shell/Applications/FlashUpload/Advanced
sitecore/shell/Applications/FlashUpload/Attach
sitecore/shell/Applications/FlashUpload/Simple
sitecore/shell/Applications/Globalization/AddLanguage
sitecore/shell/Applications/Globalization/DeleteLanguage
sitecore/shell/Applications/Globalization/ExportLanguage
sitecore/shell/Applications/Globalization/ImportLanguage
sitecore/shell/Applications/Globalization/SelectLanguage
sitecore/shell/Applications/Globalization/UntranslatedFields
sitecore/shell/Applications/Globalization/WorldLingo
sitecore/shell/Applications/Install/Controls
sitecore/shell/Applications/Install/Dialogs
sitecore/shell/Applications/Install/Galleries
sitecore/shell/Applications/Install/Controls/Filters
sitecore/shell/Applications/Install/Controls/Metadata
sitecore/shell/Applications/Install/Controls/Source Editors
sitecore/shell/Applications/Install/Controls/Widgets
sitecore/shell/Applications/Install/Dialogs/Build package
sitecore/shell/Applications/Install/Dialogs/File Browser
sitecore/shell/Applications/Install/Dialogs/Install package
sitecore/shell/Applications/Install/Dialogs/Project
sitecore/shell/Applications/Install/Dialogs/Search
sitecore/shell/Applications/Install/Dialogs/Security
sitecore/shell/Applications/Install/Dialogs/Static
sitecore/shell/Applications/Install/Dialogs/Text Editor
sitecore/shell/Applications/Install/Dialogs/Upload package
sitecore/shell/Applications/Layouts/DeviceEditor
sitecore/shell/Applications/Layouts/Dialogs
sitecore/shell/Applications/Layouts/GridDesigner
sitecore/shell/Applications/Layouts/HtmlViewer
sitecore/shell/Applications/Layouts/IDE
sitecore/shell/Applications/Layouts/Layout lister
sitecore/shell/Applications/Layouts/Layouter
sitecore/shell/Applications/Layouts/PageDesigner
sitecore/shell/Applications/Layouts/RenderingLister
sitecore/shell/Applications/Layouts/Dialogs/SelectControl
sitecore/shell/Applications/Layouts/GridDesigner/Dialogs
sitecore/shell/Applications/Layouts/GridDesigner/Galleries
sitecore/shell/Applications/Layouts/GridDesigner/Dialogs/GridProperties
sitecore/shell/Applications/Layouts/GridDesigner/Galleries/Predefined
sitecore/shell/Applications/Layouts/IDE/Dialogs
sitecore/shell/Applications/Layouts/IDE/Editors
sitecore/shell/Applications/Layouts/IDE/Windows
sitecore/shell/Applications/Layouts/IDE/Wizards
sitecore/shell/Applications/Layouts/IDE/Dialogs/New File
sitecore/shell/Applications/Layouts/IDE/Dialogs/Rendering Properties
sitecore/shell/Applications/Layouts/IDE/Editors/Content Editor
sitecore/shell/Applications/Layouts/IDE/Editors/HTML
sitecore/shell/Applications/Layouts/IDE/Editors/Profiler
sitecore/shell/Applications/Layouts/IDE/Editors/Startpage
sitecore/shell/Applications/Layouts/IDE/Editors/Text
sitecore/shell/Applications/Layouts/IDE/Editors/Xslt
sitecore/shell/Applications/Layouts/IDE/Windows/Templates
sitecore/shell/Applications/Layouts/IDE/Windows/Toolbox
sitecore/shell/Applications/Layouts/IDE/Wizards/New File Wizard
sitecore/shell/Applications/Layouts/Layouter/Dialogs
sitecore/shell/Applications/Layouts/Layouter/Viewers
sitecore/shell/Applications/Layouts/Layouter/Wizards
sitecore/shell/Applications/Layouts/Layouter/Viewers/ASPX
sitecore/shell/Applications/Layouts/Layouter/Viewers/Image
sitecore/shell/Applications/Layouts/Layouter/Viewers/Layout manager
sitecore/shell/Applications/Layouts/Layouter/Viewers/Rendering manager
sitecore/shell/Applications/Layouts/Layouter/Viewers/Text
sitecore/shell/Applications/Layouts/Layouter/Wizards/New layout
sitecore/shell/Applications/Layouts/Layouter/Wizards/New sublayout
sitecore/shell/Applications/Layouts/Layouter/Wizards/New XML layout
sitecore/shell/Applications/Layouts/Layouter/Wizards/New XSL
sitecore/shell/Applications/Licenses/LicenseDetails
sitecore/shell/Applications/Licenses/LicenseOverview
sitecore/shell/Applications/Links/BreakingLinks
sitecore/shell/Applications/Links/EditLinks
sitecore/shell/Applications/Links/Fix links
sitecore/shell/Applications/Links/Update links
sitecore/shell/Applications/Masters/AddFromMaster
sitecore/shell/Applications/Masters/MasterLister
sitecore/shell/Applications/Media/File item viewer
sitecore/shell/Applications/Media/Image item viewer
sitecore/shell/Applications/Media/ImageProperties
sitecore/shell/Applications/Media/Imager
sitecore/shell/Applications/Media/MediaBrowser
sitecore/shell/Applications/Media/MediaFolder
sitecore/shell/Applications/Media/MediaPlayer
sitecore/shell/Applications/Media/MediaShop
sitecore/shell/Applications/Media/Upload Media
sitecore/shell/Applications/Media/UploadManager
sitecore/shell/Applications/Notification/EmailTemplates
sitecore/shell/Applications/Notification/EmailTemplates/images
sitecore/shell/Applications/Notification/EmailTemplates/Simple
sitecore/shell/Applications/Page Modes/ChromeTypes
sitecore/shell/Applications/Page Modes/Personalization
sitecore/shell/Applications/Page Modes/RichControls
sitecore/shell/Applications/Page Modes/Testing
sitecore/shell/Applications/Page Modes/RichControls/Bar
sitecore/shell/Applications/PageScreenshots/Dialogs
sitecore/shell/Applications/Portlets/Portal configurator
sitecore/shell/Applications/Preview/SimulatedDevicePreview
sitecore/shell/Applications/Preview/SimulatedDevicePreview/Layouts
sitecore/shell/Applications/Preview/SimulatedDevicePreview/Scripts
sitecore/shell/Applications/Reports/LogViewer
sitecore/shell/Applications/Rules/MarketingAutomation
sitecore/shell/Applications/Rules/RulesDetails
sitecore/shell/Applications/Rules/RulesEditor
sitecore/shell/Applications/Search/Instant
sitecore/shell/Applications/Search/Search
sitecore/shell/Applications/Security/AccessViewer
sitecore/shell/Applications/Security/ChangePassword
sitecore/shell/Applications/Security/CreateNewUser
sitecore/shell/Applications/Security/DomainManager
sitecore/shell/Applications/Security/EditManagedDomains
sitecore/shell/Applications/Security/EditUser
sitecore/shell/Applications/Security/ItemSecurityEditor
sitecore/shell/Applications/Security/RoleManager
sitecore/shell/Applications/Security/SecurityDetails
sitecore/shell/Applications/Security/SecurityEditor
sitecore/shell/Applications/Security/SelectAccount
sitecore/shell/Applications/Security/SelectRoles
sitecore/shell/Applications/Security/SetOwner
sitecore/shell/Applications/Security/SetPassword
sitecore/shell/Applications/Security/UserManager
sitecore/shell/Applications/Security/UserRoleList
sitecore/shell/Applications/Security/UserRoleSelector
sitecore/shell/Applications/Templates/AddFromTemplate
sitecore/shell/Applications/Templates/ChangeTemplate
sitecore/shell/Applications/Templates/CreateTemplate
sitecore/shell/Applications/Templates/SetBaseTemplates
sitecore/shell/Applications/Templates/TemplateBuilder
sitecore/shell/Applications/Templates/TemplateInheritance
sitecore/shell/Applications/Templates/TemplateLister
sitecore/shell/Applications/Templates/TemplateManager
sitecore/shell/Applications/Tools/Broken links
sitecore/shell/Applications/Tools/Keyboard map
sitecore/shell/Applications/Tools/Run
sitecore/shell/Applications/WebEdit/Dialogs
sitecore/shell/Applications/WebEdit/Galleries
sitecore/shell/Applications/WebEdit/Dialogs/LockedItems
sitecore/shell/Applications/WebEdit/Dialogs/Personalization
sitecore/shell/Applications/WebEdit/Dialogs/PlaceholderSettings
sitecore/shell/Applications/WebEdit/Galleries/Device Simulators
sitecore/shell/Applications/WebEdit/Galleries/Personalization
sitecore/shell/Applications/WebEdit/Galleries/Testing
sitecore/shell/Applications/Xaml/Controls
sitecore/shell/client/Applications
sitecore/shell/client/Business Component Library
sitecore/shell/client/Services
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore
sitecore/shell/client/Speak
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/CampaignManager
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ControlPanel
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/Dialogs
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ECM
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/EDS
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ExperienceAnalytics
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ExperienceProfile
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ExternalApplication
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FormsBuilder
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FXM
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/LaunchPad
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/LicenseOptions
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ListManager
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/Marketing
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/MarketingAutomation
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/PathAnalyzer
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/UpdateCenter
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/CampaignManager/Chunks
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/CampaignManager/Controls
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/CampaignManager/Pages
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/CampaignManager/Resources
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/CampaignManager/Utils
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/CampaignManager/Pages/Dashboard
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/CampaignManager/Pages/Tasks
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Angular
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Assets
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Common
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Components
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Dialogs
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/ExperienceOptimization
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Pages
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Angular/dist
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Angular/dist/assets
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Assets/16x16
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Assets/24x24
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Assets/32x32
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Assets/48x48
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Assets/ExpectedChanges
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Assets/height25
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Assets/tests
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Assets/tests/16x16
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Assets/tests/24x24
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Common/css
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Common/lib
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Common/lib/PageTest
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Components/Behaviours
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Components/CarouselImage
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Components/CompareImage
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Components/DataRepeater
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Components/DataSource
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Components/OptionsMapper
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Components/PageThumbnail
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Components/TestOptions
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Components/TextTemplate
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Components/TooltipCustom
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Components/UnorderedList
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Components/ValueBar
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Components/WrappingLink
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Components/ZoomFrame
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Components/__OLD
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Components/__OLD/KPISpot
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Dialogs/CreateTest
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Dialogs/TestSummary
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Pages/ActiveTests
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Pages/HistoricalTests
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Pages/PageTest
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Pages/Rules
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Pages/SuggestedTests
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Pages/TestResults
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ECM/assets
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ECM/EmailCampaign.Client
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ECM/EmailCampaign.Controls
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ECM/assets/icons
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ECM/EmailCampaign.Client/Assets
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ECM/EmailCampaign.Client/Component
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ECM/EmailCampaign.Client/Dialog
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ECM/EmailCampaign.Client/Helpers
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ECM/EmailCampaign.Client/Models
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ECM/EmailCampaign.Client/Pages
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ECM/EmailCampaign.Client/Pipelines
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ECM/EmailCampaign.Client/Services
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ECM/EmailCampaign.Client/Assets/CSS
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ECM/EmailCampaign.Client/Assets/Images
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ECM/EmailCampaign.Client/Assets/Lib
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ECM/EmailCampaign.Client/Component/Tab
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ECM/EmailCampaign.Client/Pages/Messages
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ECM/EmailCampaign.Client/Pages/Tabs
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ECM/EmailCampaign.Controls/Behaviors
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ECM/EmailCampaign.Controls/Card
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ECM/EmailCampaign.Controls/Expander
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ECM/EmailCampaign.Controls/LandingInfo
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ECM/EmailCampaign.Controls/MessageInfo
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ECM/EmailCampaign.Controls/Reporting
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ECM/EmailCampaign.Controls/ScoreCard
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/EDS/Assets
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/EDS/Common
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/EDS/Dialogs
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/EDS/Pages
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/EDS/Assets/css
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/EDS/Assets/js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/EDS/Common/Layouts
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/EDS/Common/Layouts/Renderings
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/EDS/Common/Layouts/Renderings/Data
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ExperienceAnalytics/Common
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ExperienceAnalytics/Common/Layouts
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ExperienceAnalytics/Common/Shared
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ExperienceProfile/Common
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ExperienceProfile/Contact
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ExperienceProfile/ContactNotFound
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ExperienceProfile/Dashboard
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ExperienceProfile/Layouts
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ExperienceProfile/Search
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ExperienceProfile/VisitDetail
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ExperienceProfile/Common/images
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ExperienceProfile/Common/Layouts
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ExperienceProfile/Contact/Activity
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ExperienceProfile/Contact/Automations
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ExperienceProfile/Contact/Campaigns
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ExperienceProfile/Contact/Channels
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ExperienceProfile/Contact/Details
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ExperienceProfile/Contact/Goals
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ExperienceProfile/Contact/JourneyPanel
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ExperienceProfile/Contact/Keywords
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ExperienceProfile/Contact/Outcomes
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ExperienceProfile/Contact/Overview
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ExperienceProfile/Contact/OverviewPanel
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ExperienceProfile/Contact/Profiling
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ExperienceProfile/Contact/Visits
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ExperienceProfile/Layouts/Renderings
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ExternalApplication/Layouts
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ExternalApplication/Layouts/Renderings
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FormsBuilder/assets
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FormsBuilder/Dialogs
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FormsBuilder/Layouts
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FormsBuilder/Navigation
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FormsBuilder/Pages
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FormsBuilder/assets/images
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FormsBuilder/Layouts/Actions
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FormsBuilder/Layouts/Overview
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FormsBuilder/Layouts/Performance
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FormsBuilder/Layouts/PropertyGrid
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FormsBuilder/Layouts/PropertyGridForm
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FormsBuilder/Layouts/Renderings
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FormsBuilder/Layouts/Overview/LinkTiles
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FormsBuilder/Pages/FormDesigner
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FormsBuilder/Pages/Forms
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FXM/Commands
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FXM/Common
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FXM/Dialogs
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FXM/ExperienceEditorExtension
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FXM/Layouts
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FXM/Pages
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FXM/Pipelines
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FXM/Utils
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FXM/Common/images
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FXM/Common/styles
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FXM/Dialogs/DeleteConfirmation
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FXM/ExperienceEditorExtension/Commands
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FXM/ExperienceEditorExtension/Controls
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FXM/ExperienceEditorExtension/Dialogs
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FXM/ExperienceEditorExtension/Legacy
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FXM/ExperienceEditorExtension/Utils
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FXM/Layouts/Renderings
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FXM/Layouts/Renderings/Components
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FXM/Layouts/Renderings/Data
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FXM/Pages/DomainDashboard
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FXM/Pages/DomainMatcher
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FXM/Pipelines/InitializeFxm
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FXM/Pipelines/NavigateBackwards
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FXM/Pipelines/OpenPublishWizard
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FXM/Pipelines/OpenRulesEditor
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FXM/Pipelines/Utils
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FXM/Utils/Services
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/LaunchPad/Assets
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/LaunchPad/Layouts
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/LaunchPad/Layouts/Renderings
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/LicenseOptions/Assets
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/LicenseOptions/Components
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/LicenseOptions/Pages
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/LicenseOptions/Assets/img
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/LicenseOptions/Components/LicenseOption
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ListManager/Assets
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ListManager/ContactList
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ListManager/Controls
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ListManager/Dashboard
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ListManager/Dialogs
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ListManager/ListsPage
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ListManager/Models
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ListManager/Navigation
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ListManager/RecentlyCreatedLists
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ListManager/Segment
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ListManager/SegmentedList
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ListManager/SegmentPage
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ListManager/Assets/Images
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ListManager/Controls/ContactFields
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ListManager/Controls/ContactMap
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ListManager/Controls/ContactsDataSource
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ListManager/Controls/ImportMapTo
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ListManager/Controls/ListsDataSource
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ListManager/Controls/SegmentBuilder
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ListManager/Controls/SegmentsDataSource
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ListManager/Controls/SegmentsView
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ListManager/Controls/Uploader
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ListManager/Dialogs/ImportWizardDialog
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ListManager/Dialogs/OkCancelDialog
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ListManager/Dialogs/SegmentDialog
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ListManager/Dialogs/SelectSegmentDialog
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/Marketing/Utilities
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/MarketingAutomation/assets
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/MarketingAutomation/packages
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/MarketingAutomation/plugins
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/MarketingAutomation/assets/icons
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/MarketingAutomation/packages/ma-core
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/MarketingAutomation/plugins/EXM
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/MarketingAutomation/plugins/EXM/codegen
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/PathAnalyzer/Common
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/PathAnalyzer/dist
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/PathAnalyzer/help
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/PathAnalyzer/PageAnalyzer
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/PathAnalyzer/PathExplorer
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/PathAnalyzer/help/css
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/PathAnalyzer/help/fonts
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/PathAnalyzer/help/img
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/PathAnalyzer/help/js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/PathAnalyzer/PageAnalyzer/img
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/UpdateCenter/assets
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/UpdateCenter/assets/images
sitecore/shell/client/Business Component Library/Layouts
sitecore/shell/client/Business Component Library/Templates
sitecore/shell/client/Business Component Library/version 2
sitecore/shell/client/Business Component Library/Layouts/Renderings
sitecore/shell/client/Business Component Library/Layouts/Renderings/Charts
sitecore/shell/client/Business Component Library/Layouts/Renderings/Common
sitecore/shell/client/Business Component Library/Layouts/Renderings/Forms
sitecore/shell/client/Business Component Library/Templates/Applications
sitecore/shell/client/Business Component Library/Templates/Dialogs
sitecore/shell/client/Business Component Library/version 2/Assets
sitecore/shell/client/Business Component Library/version 2/Content
sitecore/shell/client/Business Component Library/version 2/Layouts
sitecore/shell/client/Business Component Library/version 2/Assets/img
sitecore/shell/client/Business Component Library/version 2/Assets/lib
sitecore/shell/client/Business Component Library/version 2/Assets/img/Menu
sitecore/shell/client/Business Component Library/version 2/Assets/lib/deps
sitecore/shell/client/Services/Assets
sitecore/shell/client/Services/Assets/lib
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ContentTesting
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/Speak
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/Commands
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/Dialogs
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/PageEditbar
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/PageEditorProxy
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/Pages
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/Pipelines
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/Dialogs/Alert
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/Dialogs/BaseDialogMockup
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/Dialogs/Components
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/Dialogs/Confirm
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/Dialogs/ContentUsage
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/Dialogs/InsertPage
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/Dialogs/Prompt
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/Dialogs/Components/Images
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/Pages/DeviceSimulators
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/Pages/LeftOverflowPanel
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/Pages/NavigationTreeView
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/Pages/ProfileCardsList
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/Pipelines/DeleteItem
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/Pipelines/InsertItem
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/Pipelines/LayoutPresets
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/Pipelines/LockItem
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/Pipelines/MoveItem
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/Pipelines/Publish
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/Pipelines/RemoveLanguage
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/Pipelines/RenameItem
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/Pipelines/Save
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/Pipelines/SaveDebugProfile
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/Pipelines/SaveDebugTrace
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/Pipelines/Search
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/Speak/Ribbon
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/Speak/Ribbon/Assets
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/Speak/Ribbon/Controls
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/Speak/Ribbon/Galleries
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/Speak/Ribbon/Panels
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/Speak/Ribbon/Assets/Images
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/Speak/Ribbon/Assets/Sprites
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/Speak/Ribbon/Assets/Styles
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/Speak/Ribbon/Assets/Images/SitecoreIcons
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/Speak/Ribbon/Assets/Sprites/Ribbon
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/Speak/Ribbon/Assets/Styles/Generated
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/Speak/Ribbon/Controls/BreadCrumb
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/Speak/Ribbon/Controls/Chunk
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/Speak/Ribbon/Controls/Command
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/Speak/Ribbon/Controls/CommandDependency
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/Speak/Ribbon/Controls/DeviceSimulators
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/Speak/Ribbon/Controls/InsertOptions
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/Speak/Ribbon/Controls/LargeButton
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/Speak/Ribbon/Controls/LargeDropDownButton
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/Speak/Ribbon/Controls/LargeGalleryButton
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/Speak/Ribbon/Controls/Panel
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/Speak/Ribbon/Controls/QuickBar
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/Speak/Ribbon/Controls/QuickbarButton
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/Speak/Ribbon/Controls/Ribbon
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/Speak/Ribbon/Controls/SelectLanguageButton
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/Speak/Ribbon/Controls/SelectOptionItem
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/Speak/Ribbon/Controls/SelectVersionButton
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/Speak/Ribbon/Controls/SmallButton
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/Speak/Ribbon/Controls/SmallCheckButton
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/Speak/Ribbon/Controls/Strip
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/Speak/Ribbon/Galleries/Components
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/Speak/Ribbon/Galleries/Languages
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/Speak/Ribbon/Galleries/Versions
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/Speak/Ribbon/Galleries/Versions/Options
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/Speak/Ribbon/Panels/Optimization
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/Speak/Ribbon/Panels/PreviewDatePanel
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/Speak/Ribbon/Panels/ProfileCardPanel
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Layouts
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/css
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/css/Dialogs
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/css/Templates
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/css/Templates/Applications
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/css/Templates/Dialogs
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Bootstrap
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Charting
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Bootstrap/fonts
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/AccountInformation
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/BackButton
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/Common
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/DatePicker
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/DialogWindow
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/GlobalLogo
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/Layouts
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/Menu
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/MessageBar
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/NavigationPanelToggleButton
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/ProgressIndicator
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/SmartPanel
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/TabControl
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/Timeline
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/TimePicker
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/TreeView
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/Uploader
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/Common/16x16
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/Common/24x24
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/Common/32x32
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/Common/mCustomScrollBar
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/Common/16x16/dark_gray
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/Common/16x16/light_gray
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/Common/16x16/white
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/Common/24x24/dark_gray
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/Common/24x24/white
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/Common/32x32/dark_gray
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/Common/32x32/white
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/core
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/extensions
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/ui
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/core/1.1
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/core/2.0
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/core/vendor
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/core/1.1/deps
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/core/1.1/deps/backbone
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/core/1.1/deps/jQuery
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/core/1.1/deps/ko
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/core/1.1/deps/underscore
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/core/2.0/deps
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/extensions/validators
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/segments
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/supplemental
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/cs
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/da
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/de
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/en
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/fr
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/hu
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/ja
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/nb
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/nl
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/ru
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/sv
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/zh
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/segments/de
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/segments/el
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/segments/en
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/segments/en-US-POSIX
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/segments/es
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/segments/fi
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/segments/fr
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/segments/it
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/segments/ja
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/segments/pt
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/segments/root
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/segments/ru
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/segments/zh
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/segments/zh-Hant
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/ui/1.1
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/ui/2.0
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/ui/behaviors
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/ui/1.1/behaviors
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/ui/1.1/deps
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/ui/1.1/deps/bootstrap
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/ui/1.1/deps/bootstrapModal
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/ui/1.1/deps/BootstrapSlider
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/ui/1.1/deps/CustomScrollbar
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/ui/1.1/deps/D3
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/ui/1.1/deps/DynaTree
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/ui/1.1/deps/elastislide
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/ui/1.1/deps/FusionCharts
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/ui/1.1/deps/hammer
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/ui/1.1/deps/jquery-File-Upload
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/ui/1.1/deps/JQuery.FileDrop
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/ui/1.1/deps/jquery.timepicker
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/ui/1.1/deps/jqueryExtensions
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/ui/1.1/deps/jquerypp
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/ui/1.1/deps/jQueryUI
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/ui/1.1/deps/jQueryUIPosition
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/ui/1.1/deps/modernizr
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/ui/1.1/deps/moment
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/ui/1.1/deps/NVD3
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/ui/1.1/deps/select2
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/ui/1.1/deps/timeline
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/ui/1.1/deps/bootstrap/js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/ui/1.1/deps/DynaTree/skin-vista
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/ui/2.0/deps
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Layouts/Renderings
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Layouts/Renderings/Data
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Layouts/Renderings/Resources
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Layouts/Renderings/Services
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Layouts/Renderings/Data/DataProviders
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Layouts/Renderings/Data/QueryDataSources
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Layouts/Renderings/Data/SearchDataSources
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Layouts/Renderings/Data/WebServiceDataSources
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Layouts/Renderings/Resources/Pipelines
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Layouts/Renderings/Resources/Rules
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Layouts/Renderings/Services/EntityDataSources
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Layouts/Renderings/Services/QueryDataSources
sitecore/shell/Controls/Applications
sitecore/shell/Controls/BucketList
sitecore/shell/Controls/Carousel
sitecore/shell/Controls/CollapsiblePanel
sitecore/shell/Controls/Commandbars
sitecore/shell/Controls/CommandPortal
sitecore/shell/Controls/Data
sitecore/shell/Controls/DatasourceExamples
sitecore/shell/Controls/Dialogs
sitecore/shell/Controls/GlobalHeader
sitecore/shell/Controls/InformationBar
sitecore/shell/Controls/Lib
sitecore/shell/Controls/Listviews
sitecore/shell/Controls/MDI
sitecore/shell/Controls/Misc
sitecore/shell/Controls/MultiRootTreeview
sitecore/shell/Controls/Panes
sitecore/shell/Controls/Portal
sitecore/shell/Controls/Rich Text Editor
sitecore/shell/Controls/Sidebar
sitecore/shell/Controls/Splitters
sitecore/shell/Controls/Standard
sitecore/shell/Controls/Tasks
sitecore/shell/Controls/Testing
sitecore/shell/Controls/Toolbars
sitecore/shell/Controls/TreeviewEx
sitecore/shell/Controls/WebFramework
sitecore/shell/Controls/Windows
sitecore/shell/Controls/CommandPortal/Portlets
sitecore/shell/Controls/CommandPortal/Portlets/Commands
sitecore/shell/Controls/CommandPortal/Portlets/Commands help
sitecore/shell/Controls/CommandPortal/Portlets/Commands info
sitecore/shell/Controls/CommandPortal/Portlets/Commands simple info
sitecore/shell/Controls/CommandPortal/Portlets/Static commands
sitecore/shell/Controls/Lib/Base
sitecore/shell/Controls/Lib/Chosen
sitecore/shell/Controls/Lib/Console
sitecore/shell/Controls/Lib/Flexie
sitecore/shell/Controls/Lib/iso8601
sitecore/shell/Controls/Lib/jQuery
sitecore/shell/Controls/Lib/jsnlog
sitecore/shell/Controls/Lib/JSON
sitecore/shell/Controls/Lib/Modernizr
sitecore/shell/Controls/Lib/Prototype
sitecore/shell/Controls/Lib/QUnit
sitecore/shell/Controls/Lib/Scriptaculous
sitecore/shell/Controls/Lib/YUIupload
sitecore/shell/Controls/Lib/jQuery/jquery-splitter
sitecore/shell/Controls/Lib/jQuery/jQueryUI
sitecore/shell/Controls/Lib/jQuery/jScrollPane
sitecore/shell/Controls/Lib/jQuery/PipelinesProfiling
sitecore/shell/Controls/Lib/jQuery/jQueryUI/1.10.3
sitecore/shell/Controls/Lib/jQuery/jQueryUI/1.9.2
sitecore/shell/Controls/Lib/jQuery/jQueryUI/1.10.3/smoothness
sitecore/shell/Controls/Lib/jQuery/jQueryUI/1.10.3/smoothness/images
sitecore/shell/Controls/Lib/jQuery/jQueryUI/1.9.2/smoothness
sitecore/shell/Controls/Lib/jQuery/jQueryUI/1.9.2/smoothness/images
sitecore/shell/Controls/Lib/YUIupload/uploader
sitecore/shell/Controls/Lib/YUIupload/uploader/assets
sitecore/shell/Controls/Rich Text Editor/Dictionaries
sitecore/shell/Controls/Rich Text Editor/InsertImage
sitecore/shell/Controls/Rich Text Editor/InsertLink
sitecore/shell/Controls/Rich Text Editor/Localization
sitecore/shell/Controls/Testing/CombinationsGrid
sitecore/shell/Feeds/Views
sitecore/shell/Themes/Backgrounds
sitecore/shell/Themes/Speak
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard
sitecore/shell/Themes/Speak/fonts
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Custom
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Default
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Firefox
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Gradients
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Internet Explorer
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Reports
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Calendar
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Grid
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Tabstrip
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Treeview
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Grid/lines
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Grid/pager
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Treeview/lines
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Custom/128x128
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Custom/16x16
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Custom/24x24
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Custom/32x32
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Custom/48x48
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/16x16
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/24x24
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/32x32
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/48x48
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Content Editor
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Editor
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Galleries
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/ja
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/JCarousel
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Login
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/PageEditor
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Personalization
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/PipelineProfiling
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Progress
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/ProgressIndicator
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Ribbon
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/RSS
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Security
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Speak
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Startbar
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Toolbar
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Tree
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/WebEdit
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/WebFramework
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Window Management
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Ribbon/V2
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Speak/16x16
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Speak/24x24
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Speak/32x32
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Speak/48x48
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Startbar/ja
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/WebFramework/expanders
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/WebFramework/highlights
sitecore modules/Shell
sitecore modules/Web
sitecore modules/Shell/EmailCampaign
sitecore modules/Shell/EmailCampaign/Images
sitecore modules/Shell/EmailCampaign/UI
sitecore modules/Shell/EmailCampaign/UI/Controls
sitecore modules/Shell/EmailCampaign/UI/Dialogs
sitecore modules/Shell/EmailCampaign/UI/Editors
sitecore modules/Web/EXM
sitecore modules/Web/ExperienceExplorer
sitecore modules/Web/ExperienceForms
sitecore modules/Web/EXM/images
sitecore modules/Web/EXM/layouts
sitecore modules/Web/EXM/sublayouts
sitecore modules/Web/EXM/xsl
sitecore modules/Web/EXM/layouts/Imported
sitecore modules/Web/EXM/layouts/SampleNewsletter
sitecore modules/Web/EXM/layouts/Templates
sitecore modules/Web/EXM/sublayouts/Email
sitecore modules/Web/ExperienceExplorer/Assets
sitecore modules/Web/ExperienceExplorer/Commands
sitecore modules/Web/ExperienceExplorer/Controls
sitecore modules/Web/ExperienceExplorer/Dialogs
sitecore modules/Web/ExperienceExplorer/Assets/css
sitecore modules/Web/ExperienceExplorer/Assets/images
sitecore modules/Web/ExperienceExplorer/Assets/js
sitecore modules/Web/ExperienceExplorer/Assets/vendors
sitecore modules/Web/ExperienceExplorer/Assets/vendors/bootstrap
sitecore modules/Web/ExperienceExplorer/Assets/vendors/jcarousel
sitecore modules/Web/ExperienceExplorer/Assets/vendors/jquery
sitecore modules/Web/ExperienceExplorer/Assets/vendors/jquery-ui
sitecore modules/Web/ExperienceExplorer/Assets/vendors/jsviews
sitecore modules/Web/ExperienceExplorer/Assets/vendors/bootstrap/img
sitecore modules/Web/ExperienceExplorer/Assets/vendors/bootstrap/js
sitecore modules/Web/ExperienceExplorer/Assets/vendors/jquery-ui/css
sitecore modules/Web/ExperienceExplorer/Assets/vendors/jquery-ui/images
sitecore modules/Web/ExperienceExplorer/Assets/vendors/jquery-ui/js
sitecore modules/Web/ExperienceForms/scripts
Views/FormBuilder
Views/Shared
Views/FormBuilder/FieldTemplates
xsl/system
xsl/system/WebEdit
Default.aspx
default.css
default.htm.sitedown
default.js
Global.asax
Web.config
webedit.css
App_Browsers/Form.browser
App_Browsers/XamlPage.browser
App_Config/ConnectionStrings.config
App_Config/FieldTypes.config
App_Config/Icons.config
App_Config/LanguageDefinitions.config
App_Config/Layers.config
App_Config/MimeTypes.config
App_Config/Portraits.config
App_Config/Prototypes.config
App_Config/Sitecore.config
App_Config/XamlSharp.config
App_Config/Environment/Sitecore.PipelineProfiling.config
App_Config/Include/Examples/CacheContainers.config.example
App_Config/Include/Examples/CDN.config.example
App_Config/Include/Examples/DataFolder.config.example
App_Config/Include/Examples/EventHandler.config.example
App_Config/Include/Examples/ForwardingSecurityEvents.config.example
App_Config/Include/Examples/ja-JP.config.example
App_Config/Include/Examples/LiveMode.config.example
App_Config/Include/Examples/ScalabilitySettings.config.example
App_Config/Include/Examples/serializationevents.config.example
App_Config/Include/Examples/Sitecore.Buckets.WarmupQueries.config.example
App_Config/Include/Examples/Sitecore.BulkDataProvider.config.example
App_Config/Include/Examples/Sitecore.ContentSearch.Solr.SwitchOnRebuild.config.example
App_Config/Include/Examples/Sitecore.ContentSearch.VerboseLogging.config.example
App_Config/Include/Examples/Sitecore.ExperienceAnalytics.ReAggregation.config.example
App_Config/Include/Examples/Sitecore.HistoryEngine.config.example
App_Config/Include/Examples/Sitecore.LoadBalancing.config.example
App_Config/Include/Examples/Sitecore.Messaging.MyFeature.Sql.config.example
App_Config/Include/Examples/Sitecore.Owin.Authentication.Disabler.config.example
App_Config/Include/Examples/Sitecore.Publishing.DedicatedInstance.config.example
App_Config/Include/Examples/Sitecore.Publishing.Optimizations.config.example
App_Config/Include/Examples/Sitecore.Publishing.Parallel.config.example
App_Config/Include/Examples/Sitecore.Publishing.Recovery.config.example
App_Config/Include/Examples/SitecoreSettings.config.example
App_Config/Include/Examples/SiteDefinition.config.example
App_Config/Include/Examples/SqlServerBatchLinkDatabase.config.example
App_Config/Include/Examples/SwitchingManagers.config.example
App_Config/Include/Examples/WebDeploy.config.example
App_Config/Include/Examples/XslExtension.config.example
App_Config/Prefetch/Common.config
App_Config/Prefetch/Core.config
App_Config/Prefetch/Master.config
App_Config/Prefetch/Webdb.config
App_Config/Security/Domains.config
App_Config/Security/GlobalRoles.config
App_Config/Sitecore/AntiCSRFModule/Sitecore.AntiCsrf.config
App_Config/Sitecore/Buckets/Sitecore.Buckets.config
App_Config/Sitecore/CampaignCreator/Sitecore.Marketing.Campaigns.Client.config
App_Config/Sitecore/CampaignCreator/Sitecore.Marketing.Campaigns.Services.config
App_Config/Sitecore/CMS.Core/Sitecore.ClientDataStore.config
App_Config/Sitecore/CMS.Core/Sitecore.Commands.config
App_Config/Sitecore/CMS.Core/Sitecore.CoreDatabase.config
App_Config/Sitecore/CMS.Core/Sitecore.Diagnostics.config
App_Config/Sitecore/CMS.Core/Sitecore.Eventing.config
App_Config/Sitecore/CMS.Core/Sitecore.Heartbeat.config
App_Config/Sitecore/CMS.Core/Sitecore.Interning.config
App_Config/Sitecore/CMS.Core/Sitecore.JSNLog.config
App_Config/Sitecore/CMS.Core/Sitecore.LanguageFallback.config
App_Config/Sitecore/CMS.Core/Sitecore.Media.RequestProtection.config
App_Config/Sitecore/CMS.Core/Sitecore.PipelineBased.ItemProvider.config
App_Config/Sitecore/CMS.Core/Sitecore.Processing.config
App_Config/Sitecore/CMS.Core/Sitecore.PropertyStore.config
App_Config/Sitecore/CMS.Core/Sitecore.Search.Categorizer.config
App_Config/Sitecore/CMS.Core/Sitecore.Security.config
App_Config/Sitecore/CMS.Core/Sitecore.Serialization.config
App_Config/Sitecore/CMS.Core/Sitecore.SerializationPredicates.config
App_Config/Sitecore/CMS.Core/Sitecore.Settings.config
App_Config/Sitecore/CMS.Core/Sitecore.Sites.config
App_Config/Sitecore/CMS.Core/Sitecore.TaskDatabase.config
App_Config/Sitecore/CMS.Core/Sitecore.Variables.config
App_Config/Sitecore/ContentSearch/Sitecore.ContentSearch.config
App_Config/Sitecore/ContentSearch/Sitecore.ContentSearch.DefaultConfigurations.config
App_Config/Sitecore/ContentSearch/Sitecore.ContentSearch.Heartbeat.config
App_Config/Sitecore/ContentSearch/Sitecore.ContentSearch.Solr.Index.Core.config
App_Config/Sitecore/ContentSearch/Sitecore.ContentSearch.Solr.Index.Master.config
App_Config/Sitecore/ContentSearch/Sitecore.ContentSearch.Solr.Index.Web.config
App_Config/Sitecore/ContentSearch.Azure/Sitecore.ContentSearch.Azure.Index.Core.config
App_Config/Sitecore/ContentSearch.Azure/Sitecore.ContentSearch.Azure.Index.Web.config
App_Config/Sitecore/ContentTagging/Sitecore.ContentTagging.config
App_Config/Sitecore/ContentTagging/Sitecore.ContentTagging.Core.config
App_Config/Sitecore/ContentTagging/Sitecore.ContentTagging.OpenCalais.config
App_Config/Sitecore/ContentTesting/Sitecore.ContentTesting.config
App_Config/Sitecore/ContentTesting/Sitecore.ContentTesting.ExperienceEditor.config
App_Config/Sitecore/ContentTesting/Sitecore.ContentTesting.Intelligence.config
App_Config/Sitecore/ContentTesting/Sitecore.ContentTesting.Messaging.Azure.config
App_Config/Sitecore/ContentTesting/Sitecore.ContentTesting.Messaging.config
App_Config/Sitecore/ContentTesting/Sitecore.ContentTesting.Messaging.SqlServer.config
App_Config/Sitecore/ContentTesting/Sitecore.ContentTesting.Mvc.config
App_Config/Sitecore/ContentTesting/Sitecore.ContentTesting.PreemptiveScreenshot.config
App_Config/Sitecore/ContentTesting/Sitecore.ContentTesting.Search.config
App_Config/Sitecore/ContentTesting/Sitecore.ContentTesting.Speak.Requests.config
App_Config/Sitecore/ContentTesting/Sitecore.ContentTesting.XConnect.Client.config
App_Config/Sitecore/DetectionServices.Location/Sitecore.CES.GeoIp.config
App_Config/Sitecore/DeviceDetection.Client/Sitecore.CES.DeviceDetection.config
App_Config/Sitecore/DeviceDetection.Client/Sitecore.CES.DeviceDetection.Rules.config
App_Config/Sitecore/EmailExperience/Sitecore.EDS.Core.config
App_Config/Sitecore/EmailExperience/Sitecore.EDS.Providers.CustomSMTP.config
App_Config/Sitecore/EmailExperience/Sitecore.EDS.Providers.CustomSMTP.Sync.config
App_Config/Sitecore/EmailExperience/Sitecore.EDS.Providers.SparkPost.config
App_Config/Sitecore/EmailExperience/Sitecore.EDS.Providers.SparkPost.Sync.config
App_Config/Sitecore/EmailExperience/Sitecore.EDS.SparkPost.Client.config
App_Config/Sitecore/EmailExperience/Sitecore.EmailExperience.ContentDelivery.config
App_Config/Sitecore/EmailExperience/Sitecore.EmailExperience.ContentManagement.config
App_Config/Sitecore/EmailExperience/Sitecore.EmailExperience.ContentSearch.Solr.config
App_Config/Sitecore/EmailExperience/Sitecore.EmailExperience.Core.config
App_Config/Sitecore/EmailExperience/Sitecore.EmailExperience.EmailProcessing.config
App_Config/Sitecore/EmailExperience/Sitecore.EmailExperience.ExperienceProfile.config
App_Config/Sitecore/EmailExperience/Sitecore.EmailExperience.Heartbeat.config
App_Config/Sitecore/EmailExperience/Sitecore.EmailExperience.MessageHandling.config
App_Config/Sitecore/EmailExperience/Sitecore.EmailExperience.Messaging.config
App_Config/Sitecore/EmailExperience/Sitecore.EmailExperience.Reporting.config
App_Config/Sitecore/EmailExperience/Sitecore.EmailExperience.UI.config
App_Config/Sitecore/EmailExperience/Sitecore.EmailExperience.XConnect.config
App_Config/Sitecore/EmailExperience/Sitecore.ExM.Framework.config
App_Config/Sitecore/EmailExperience/Sitecore.ExM.Framework.ContentManagement.config
App_Config/Sitecore/Experience Editor/Sitecore.ExperienceEditor.config
App_Config/Sitecore/Experience Editor/Sitecore.ExperienceEditor.Speak.Requests.config
App_Config/Sitecore/ExperienceAnalytics/Sitecore.ExperienceAnalytics.Api.config
App_Config/Sitecore/ExperienceAnalytics/Sitecore.ExperienceAnalytics.Client.config
App_Config/Sitecore/ExperienceAnalytics/Sitecore.ExperienceAnalytics.config
App_Config/Sitecore/ExperienceAnalytics/Sitecore.ExperienceAnalytics.Reduce.config
App_Config/Sitecore/ExperienceAnalytics/Sitecore.ExperienceAnalytics.WebAPI.config
App_Config/Sitecore/ExperienceExplorer/Sitecore.ExperienceExplorer.config
App_Config/Sitecore/ExperienceExplorer/Sitecore.ExperienceExplorer.Services.config
App_Config/Sitecore/ExperienceForms/Sitecore.ExperienceForms.Analytics.Tracking.config
App_Config/Sitecore/ExperienceForms/Sitecore.ExperienceForms.config
App_Config/Sitecore/ExperienceForms/Sitecore.ExperienceForms.Mvc.config
App_Config/Sitecore/ExperienceForms/Sitecore.ExperienceForms.Pipelines.Client.config
App_Config/Sitecore/ExperienceForms/Sitecore.ExperienceForms.Tracker.config
App_Config/Sitecore/ExperienceProfile/Sitecore.ExperienceProfile.Client.config
App_Config/Sitecore/ExperienceProfile/Sitecore.ExperienceProfile.config
App_Config/Sitecore/ExperienceProfile/Sitecore.ExperienceProfile.Reporting.config
App_Config/Sitecore/FederatedExperienceManager/Sitecore.FXM.Bundle.config
App_Config/Sitecore/FederatedExperienceManager/Sitecore.FXM.config
App_Config/Sitecore/FederatedExperienceManager/Sitecore.FXM.Speak.config
App_Config/Sitecore/ItemWebApi/Sitecore.ItemWebApi.config
App_Config/Sitecore/LaunchPad/Sitecore.Speak.LaunchPad.config
App_Config/Sitecore/ListManagement/Sitecore.ListManagement.Client.config
App_Config/Sitecore/ListManagement/Sitecore.ListManagement.config
App_Config/Sitecore/ListManagement/Sitecore.ListManagement.Services.config
App_Config/Sitecore/Marketing.Client/Sitecore.Marketing.Client.config
App_Config/Sitecore/Marketing.Operations.xMgmt/Sitecore.Marketing.config
App_Config/Sitecore/Marketing.Operations.xMgmt/Sitecore.Marketing.ReferenceData.config
App_Config/Sitecore/Marketing.Operations.xMgmt/Sitecore.Marketing.Search.config
App_Config/Sitecore/Marketing.Operations.xMgmt/Sitecore.Marketing.Taxonomy.config
App_Config/Sitecore/Marketing.Operations.xMgmt/Sitecore.Marketing.TaxonomyCD.config
App_Config/Sitecore/Marketing.Operations.xMgmt/Sitecore.MarketingCD.config
App_Config/Sitecore/Marketing.Tracking/Sitecore.Analytics.Compatibility.config
App_Config/Sitecore/Marketing.Tracking/Sitecore.Analytics.ExcludeRobots.config
App_Config/Sitecore/Marketing.Tracking/Sitecore.Analytics.FieldTypes.config
App_Config/Sitecore/Marketing.Tracking/Sitecore.Analytics.Tracking.config
App_Config/Sitecore/Marketing.Tracking/Sitecore.Analytics.Tracking.Database.config
App_Config/Sitecore/Marketing.Tracking/Sitecore.Analytics.Tracking.Model.config
App_Config/Sitecore/Marketing.Tracking/Channel/Sitecore.Analytics.Channel.config
App_Config/Sitecore/Marketing.xDB/Sitecore.Analytics.config
App_Config/Sitecore/Marketing.xDB/Sitecore.Analytics.Model.config
App_Config/Sitecore/Marketing.xDB/Sitecore.Analytics.Processing.Aggregation.config
App_Config/Sitecore/Marketing.xDB/Sitecore.Analytics.Processing.config
App_Config/Sitecore/Marketing.xDB/Sitecore.Analytics.Processing.Services.config
App_Config/Sitecore/Marketing.xDB/Sitecore.Analytics.Reporting.config
App_Config/Sitecore/Marketing.xDB/Sitecore.Xdb.config
App_Config/Sitecore/Marketing.xDB/Sitecore.Xdb.Processing.ContactMerge.config
App_Config/Sitecore/Marketing.xDB/Sitecore.Xdb.Remote.Client.config
App_Config/Sitecore/Marketing.xDB/Sitecore.Xdb.Remote.Server.config
App_Config/Sitecore/Marketing.Xdb.Sql.Common/Sitecore.Xdb.Sql.Common.config
App_Config/Sitecore/Messaging/Sitecore.Messaging.Azure.config
App_Config/Sitecore/Messaging/Sitecore.Messaging.config
App_Config/Sitecore/Messaging/Sitecore.Messaging.SqlServer.config
App_Config/Sitecore/Mvc/Sitecore.Mvc.config
App_Config/Sitecore/MVC.DeviceSimulator/Sitecore.MVC.DeviceSimulator.config
App_Config/Sitecore/MVC.ExperienceEditor/Sitecore.MVC.ExperienceEditor.config
App_Config/Sitecore/Owin.Authentication/Sitecore.Owin.Activation.config
App_Config/Sitecore/Owin.Authentication/Sitecore.Owin.Authentication.config
App_Config/Sitecore/PathAnalyzer/Sitecore.PathAnalyzer.Client.config
App_Config/Sitecore/PathAnalyzer/Sitecore.PathAnalyzer.config
App_Config/Sitecore/PathAnalyzer/Sitecore.PathAnalyzer.Processing.config
App_Config/Sitecore/PathAnalyzer/Sitecore.PathAnalyzer.RemoteClient.config
App_Config/Sitecore/PathAnalyzer/Sitecore.PathAnalyzer.Services.config
App_Config/Sitecore/PathAnalyzer/Sitecore.PathAnalyzer.Services.RemoteServer.config
App_Config/Sitecore/Reporting/Sitecore.Reporting.Client.config
App_Config/Sitecore/Reporting/Sitecore.Reporting.Core.config
App_Config/Sitecore/Reporting/Sitecore.Reporting.Service.Http.Abstractions.config
App_Config/Sitecore/Reporting/Sitecore.Reporting.Service.Http.XConnectClient.config
App_Config/Sitecore/Services.Client/Sitecore.Content.Services.config
App_Config/Sitecore/Services.Client/Sitecore.Services.Client.config
App_Config/Sitecore/SPEAK/Sitecore.Speak.AntiCsrf.SheerUI.config
App_Config/Sitecore/SPEAK/Sitecore.Speak.config
App_Config/Sitecore/SPEAK/Sitecore.Speak.ContentSearch.Lucene.config
App_Config/Sitecore/SPEAK/Sitecore.Speak.ContentSearch.Solr.config
App_Config/Sitecore/SPEAK/Sitecore.Speak.ItemWebApi.config
App_Config/Sitecore/SPEAK/Sitecore.Speak.Mvc.config
App_Config/Sitecore/SPEAK/Sitecore.Speak.Pipelines.config
App_Config/Sitecore/Speak.Applications/Sitecore.Speak.Applications.config
App_Config/Sitecore/SPEAK.Components/Sitecore.Speak.Components.AntiCsrf.config
App_Config/Sitecore/SPEAK.Components/Sitecore.Speak.Components.config
App_Config/Sitecore/SPEAK.Components/Sitecore.Speak.Components.Mvc.config
App_Config/Sitecore/Speak.Integration/Sitecore.Speak.Integration.Services.config
App_Config/Sitecore/Speak.Integration/Sitecore.Speak.Integration.Spa.config
App_Config/Sitecore/Tracking.Web.MVC/Sitecore.MvcAnalytics.config
App_Config/Sitecore/TransientFaultHandling/Sitecore.TransientFaultHandling.config
App_Config/Sitecore/Update/Sitecore.Update.config
App_Config/Sitecore/UpdateCenter/Sitecore.UpdateCenter.config
App_Config/Sitecore/XConnect.Client.Configuration/Sitecore.XConnect.Client.config
App_Data/debug/readme.txt
App_Data/logs/readme.txt
App_Data/packages/readme.txt
App_Data/tools/phantomjs/phantomjs.exe
App_Data/tools/phantomjs/render.js
App_Data/tools/phantomjs/sc-ee.js
App_Data/viewstate/readme.txt
bin/Antlr3.Runtime.dll
bin/ChilkatDotNet47.dll
bin/CommonServiceLocator.dll
bin/CommonServiceLocator.SolrNet.dll
bin/ComponentArt.UIFramework.lic
bin/ComponentArt.Web.UI.dll
bin/DnsClient.dll
bin/DnsClient.xml
bin/DocumentFormat.OpenXml.dll
bin/DocumentFormat.OpenXml.xml
bin/EcmaScript.NET.dll
bin/FiftyOne.Foundation.dll
bin/HtmlAgilityPack.dll
bin/HtmlAgilityPack.XML
bin/ICSharpCode.SharpZipLib.dll
bin/IdentityModel.dll
bin/IdentityModel.xml
bin/Lucene.Net.dll
bin/Lucene.Net.XML
bin/MarkdownSharp.dll
bin/Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
bin/Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
bin/Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
bin/Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
bin/Microsoft.AspNet.OData.dll
bin/Microsoft.AspNet.OData.xml
bin/Microsoft.AspNet.WebApi.Extensions.Compression.Server.dll
bin/Microsoft.AspNetCore.Hosting.Abstractions.dll
bin/Microsoft.AspNetCore.Hosting.Abstractions.xml
bin/Microsoft.AspNetCore.Hosting.Server.Abstractions.dll
bin/Microsoft.AspNetCore.Hosting.Server.Abstractions.xml
bin/Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.Abstractions.dll
bin/Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.Abstractions.xml
bin/Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.Features.dll
bin/Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.Features.xml
bin/Microsoft.Azure.Amqp.dll
bin/Microsoft.Azure.Amqp.xml
bin/Microsoft.Azure.ServiceBus.dll
bin/Microsoft.Azure.ServiceBus.xml
bin/Microsoft.Azure.Services.AppAuthentication.dll
bin/Microsoft.Azure.Services.AppAuthentication.runtimeconfig.json
bin/Microsoft.Azure.Services.AppAuthentication.xml
bin/Microsoft.Configuration.ConfigurationBuilders.Base.dll
bin/Microsoft.Configuration.ConfigurationBuilders.Base.xml
bin/Microsoft.Configuration.ConfigurationBuilders.Environment.dll
bin/Microsoft.Configuration.ConfigurationBuilders.Environment.xml
bin/Microsoft.DotNet.PlatformAbstractions.dll
bin/Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Abstractions.dll
bin/Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Abstractions.xml
bin/Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Memory.dll
bin/Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Memory.xml
bin/Microsoft.Extensions.CommandLineUtils.dll
bin/Microsoft.Extensions.CommandLineUtils.xml
bin/Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Abstractions.dll
bin/Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Abstractions.xml
bin/Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Binder.dll
bin/Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Binder.xml
bin/Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.CommandLine.dll
bin/Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.CommandLine.xml
bin/Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.dll
bin/Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.EnvironmentVariables.dll
bin/Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.EnvironmentVariables.xml
bin/Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.FileExtensions.dll
bin/Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.FileExtensions.xml
bin/Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Ini.dll
bin/Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Ini.xml
bin/Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Json.dll
bin/Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Json.xml
bin/Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.xml
bin/Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Xml.dll
bin/Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Xml.xml
bin/Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions.dll
bin/Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions.xml
bin/Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.dll
bin/Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.xml
bin/Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyModel.dll
bin/Microsoft.Extensions.Diagnostics.HealthChecks.Abstractions.dll
bin/Microsoft.Extensions.Diagnostics.HealthChecks.Abstractions.xml
bin/Microsoft.Extensions.FileProviders.Abstractions.dll
bin/Microsoft.Extensions.FileProviders.Abstractions.xml
bin/Microsoft.Extensions.FileProviders.Physical.dll
bin/Microsoft.Extensions.FileProviders.Physical.xml
bin/Microsoft.Extensions.FileSystemGlobbing.dll
bin/Microsoft.Extensions.FileSystemGlobbing.xml
bin/Microsoft.Extensions.Hosting.Abstractions.dll
bin/Microsoft.Extensions.Hosting.Abstractions.xml
bin/Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Abstractions.dll
bin/Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Abstractions.xml
bin/Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.dll
bin/Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.xml
bin/Microsoft.Extensions.Options.dll
bin/Microsoft.Extensions.Options.xml
bin/Microsoft.Extensions.Primitives.dll
bin/Microsoft.Extensions.Primitives.xml
bin/Microsoft.IdentityModel.Clients.ActiveDirectory.dll
bin/Microsoft.IdentityModel.Clients.ActiveDirectory.Platform.dll
bin/Microsoft.IdentityModel.Clients.ActiveDirectory.Platform.xml
bin/Microsoft.IdentityModel.Clients.ActiveDirectory.xml
bin/Microsoft.IdentityModel.Logging.dll
bin/Microsoft.IdentityModel.Logging.xml
bin/Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocols.dll
bin/Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocols.OpenIdConnect.dll
bin/Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocols.OpenIdConnect.xml
bin/Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocols.WsFederation.dll
bin/Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocols.WsFederation.xml
bin/Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocols.xml
bin/Microsoft.IdentityModel.Tokens.dll
bin/Microsoft.IdentityModel.Tokens.Saml.dll
bin/Microsoft.IdentityModel.Tokens.Saml.xml
bin/Microsoft.IdentityModel.Tokens.xml
bin/Microsoft.IdentityModel.Xml.dll
bin/Microsoft.IdentityModel.Xml.xml
bin/Microsoft.OData.Core.dll
bin/Microsoft.OData.Core.xml
bin/Microsoft.OData.Edm.dll
bin/Microsoft.OData.Edm.xml
bin/Microsoft.Owin.dll
bin/Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
bin/Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
bin/Microsoft.Owin.Security.ActiveDirectory.dll
bin/Microsoft.Owin.Security.ActiveDirectory.xml
bin/Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
bin/Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
bin/Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
bin/Microsoft.Owin.Security.Jwt.dll
bin/Microsoft.Owin.Security.Jwt.xml
bin/Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
bin/Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.XML
bin/Microsoft.Owin.Security.OpenIdConnect.dll
bin/Microsoft.Owin.Security.OpenIdConnect.XML
bin/Microsoft.Owin.Security.XML
bin/Microsoft.Owin.XML
bin/Microsoft.Practices.EnterpriseLibrary.Common.dll
bin/Microsoft.Practices.EnterpriseLibrary.Common.xml
bin/Microsoft.Practices.EnterpriseLibrary.TransientFaultHandling.Caching.dll
bin/Microsoft.Practices.EnterpriseLibrary.TransientFaultHandling.Caching.xml
bin/Microsoft.Practices.EnterpriseLibrary.TransientFaultHandling.Configuration.dll
bin/Microsoft.Practices.EnterpriseLibrary.TransientFaultHandling.Configuration.xml
bin/Microsoft.Practices.EnterpriseLibrary.TransientFaultHandling.Data.dll
bin/Microsoft.Practices.EnterpriseLibrary.TransientFaultHandling.Data.xml
bin/Microsoft.Practices.EnterpriseLibrary.TransientFaultHandling.dll
bin/Microsoft.Practices.EnterpriseLibrary.TransientFaultHandling.ServiceBus.dll
bin/Microsoft.Practices.EnterpriseLibrary.TransientFaultHandling.ServiceBus.xml
bin/Microsoft.Practices.EnterpriseLibrary.TransientFaultHandling.xml
bin/Microsoft.Spatial.dll
bin/Microsoft.Spatial.xml
bin/Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
bin/MongoDB.Bson.dll
bin/MongoDB.Bson.xml
bin/MongoDB.Driver.Core.dll
bin/MongoDB.Driver.Core.xml
bin/MongoDB.Driver.dll
bin/MongoDB.Driver.Legacy.dll
bin/MongoDB.Driver.Legacy.xml
bin/MongoDB.Driver.xml
bin/Mvp.Xml.dll
bin/Mvp.Xml.xml
bin/Newtonsoft.Json.dll
bin/Newtonsoft.Json.xml
bin/Owin.dll
bin/PdfSharp.Charting.dll
bin/PdfSharp.Charting.xml
bin/PdfSharp.dll
bin/PdfSharp.xml
bin/Pipelines.Sockets.Unofficial.dll
bin/Pipelines.Sockets.Unofficial.xml
bin/protobuf-net.dll
bin/protobuf-net.xml
bin/RazorGenerator.Mvc.dll
bin/Rebus.AzureServiceBus.dll
bin/Rebus.AzureServiceBus.xml
bin/Rebus.dll
bin/Rebus.SqlServer.dll
bin/Rebus.SqlServer.xml
bin/Rebus.xml
bin/Remotion.Linq.dll
bin/Remotion.Linq.XML
bin/Sitecore.Analytics.Aggregation.dll
bin/Sitecore.Analytics.Core.dll
bin/Sitecore.Analytics.DataAccess.dll
bin/Sitecore.Analytics.dll
bin/Sitecore.Analytics.Model.dll
bin/Sitecore.Analytics.OmniChannel.dll
bin/Sitecore.Analytics.Processing.dll
bin/Sitecore.Analytics.RobotDetection.dll
bin/Sitecore.Analytics.Sql.dll
bin/Sitecore.Analytics.XConnect.dll
bin/Sitecore.Annotations.dll
bin/Sitecore.Annotations.xml
bin/Sitecore.Apps.Loader.dll
bin/Sitecore.Buckets.Client.dll
bin/Sitecore.Buckets.Client.xml
bin/Sitecore.Buckets.dll
bin/Sitecore.Buckets.xml
bin/Sitecore.CES.DeviceDetection.dll
bin/Sitecore.CES.DeviceDetection.Rules.dll
bin/Sitecore.CES.DeviceDetection.Rules.xml
bin/Sitecore.CES.DeviceDetection.xml
bin/Sitecore.CES.dll
bin/Sitecore.CES.GeoIp.Core.dll
bin/Sitecore.CES.GeoIp.Core.xml
bin/Sitecore.CES.GeoIp.dll
bin/Sitecore.CES.GeoIp.IpFiltering.dll
bin/Sitecore.CES.GeoIp.IpFiltering.xml
bin/Sitecore.CES.GeoIp.xml
bin/Sitecore.CES.xml
bin/Sitecore.Cintel.Client.dll
bin/Sitecore.Cintel.dll
bin/Sitecore.Client.dll
bin/Sitecore.Client.LicenseOptions.dll
bin/Sitecore.Client.LicenseOptions.xml
bin/Sitecore.Client.xml
bin/Sitecore.Cloud.Nexus.dll
bin/Sitecore.Content.Services.dll
bin/Sitecore.ContentSearch.Azure.dll
bin/Sitecore.ContentSearch.Client.dll
bin/Sitecore.ContentSearch.Client.xml
bin/Sitecore.ContentSearch.ContentExtraction.dll
bin/Sitecore.ContentSearch.ContentExtraction.xml
bin/Sitecore.ContentSearch.Data.dll
bin/Sitecore.ContentSearch.Data.xml
bin/Sitecore.ContentSearch.dll
bin/Sitecore.ContentSearch.Linq.dll
bin/Sitecore.ContentSearch.Linq.Solr.dll
bin/Sitecore.ContentSearch.Linq.Solr.xml
bin/Sitecore.ContentSearch.Linq.xml
bin/Sitecore.ContentSearch.SolrNetExtension.dll
bin/Sitecore.ContentSearch.SolrNetExtension.xml
bin/Sitecore.ContentSearch.SolrProvider.dll
bin/Sitecore.ContentSearch.SolrProvider.xml
bin/Sitecore.ContentSearch.xml
bin/Sitecore.ContentTagging.Core.dll
bin/Sitecore.ContentTagging.Core.xml
bin/Sitecore.ContentTagging.dll
bin/Sitecore.ContentTagging.OpenCalais.dll
bin/Sitecore.ContentTagging.OpenCalais.xml
bin/Sitecore.ContentTagging.xml
bin/Sitecore.ContentTesting.dll
bin/Sitecore.ContentTesting.Intelligence.dll
bin/Sitecore.ContentTesting.Model.dll
bin/Sitecore.ContentTesting.Model.xConnect.dll
bin/Sitecore.ContentTesting.Mvc.dll
bin/Sitecore.ContentTesting.Reporting.Model.dll
bin/Sitecore.ControlPanel.dll
bin/Sitecore.ControlPanel.xml
bin/Sitecore.EDS.Client.dll
bin/Sitecore.EDS.Core.dll
bin/Sitecore.EDS.Providers.CustomSMTP.dll
bin/Sitecore.EDS.Providers.SparkPost.dll
bin/Sitecore.EDS.SparkPost.ClientServices.dll
bin/Sitecore.EmailCampaign.Activities.dll
bin/Sitecore.EmailCampaign.Application.dll
bin/Sitecore.EmailCampaign.Cd.dll
bin/Sitecore.EmailCampaign.Cm.dll
bin/Sitecore.EmailCampaign.Cm.UI.dll
bin/Sitecore.EmailCampaign.Core.dll
bin/Sitecore.EmailCampaign.dll
bin/Sitecore.EmailCampaign.ExperienceAnalytics.dll
bin/Sitecore.EmailCampaign.Model.dll
bin/Sitecore.EmailCampaign.Model.Web.dll
bin/Sitecore.EmailCampaign.SampleNewsletter.dll
bin/Sitecore.EmailCampaign.Server.dll
bin/Sitecore.EmailCampaign.XConnect.dll
bin/Sitecore.EmailCampaign.XConnect.Web.dll
bin/Sitecore.ExM.Framework.dll
bin/Sitecore.ExperienceAnalytics.Aggregation.dll
bin/Sitecore.ExperienceAnalytics.Api.dll
bin/Sitecore.ExperienceAnalytics.Client.dll
bin/Sitecore.ExperienceAnalytics.Core.dll
bin/Sitecore.ExperienceAnalytics.ReAggregation.dll
bin/Sitecore.ExperienceAnalytics.Reduce.dll
bin/Sitecore.ExperienceContentManagement.Administration.dll
bin/Sitecore.ExperienceEditor.dll
bin/Sitecore.ExperienceEditor.Speak.dll
bin/Sitecore.ExperienceEditor.Speak.Ribbon.dll
bin/Sitecore.ExperienceExplorer.Analytics.dll
bin/Sitecore.ExperienceExplorer.Core.dll
bin/Sitecore.ExperienceExplorer.dll
bin/Sitecore.ExperienceExplorer.Web.dll
bin/Sitecore.ExperienceForms.Analytics.dll
bin/Sitecore.ExperienceForms.Client.dll
bin/Sitecore.ExperienceForms.Data.SqlServer.dll
bin/Sitecore.ExperienceForms.dll
bin/Sitecore.ExperienceForms.Mvc.dll
bin/Sitecore.ExperienceForms.SubmitActions.dll
bin/Sitecore.Framework.Common.Abstractions.dll
bin/Sitecore.Framework.Common.Abstractions.xml
bin/Sitecore.Framework.Common.dll
bin/Sitecore.Framework.Common.Extensions.dll
bin/Sitecore.Framework.Common.Extensions.xml
bin/Sitecore.Framework.Common.WildcardMatch.dll
bin/Sitecore.Framework.Common.WildcardMatch.xml
bin/Sitecore.Framework.Common.xml
bin/Sitecore.Framework.Conditions.dll
bin/Sitecore.Framework.Conditions.xml
bin/Sitecore.Framework.Configuration.Abstractions.dll
bin/Sitecore.Framework.Configuration.Abstractions.xml
bin/Sitecore.Framework.Configuration.Common.dll
bin/Sitecore.Framework.Configuration.Common.xml
bin/Sitecore.Framework.Configuration.dll
bin/Sitecore.Framework.Configuration.Extensions.dll
bin/Sitecore.Framework.Configuration.Extensions.xml
bin/Sitecore.Framework.Configuration.xml
bin/Sitecore.Framework.Configuration.Xml.dll
bin/Sitecore.Framework.Configuration.Xml.xml
bin/Sitecore.Framework.Data.Blobs.Abstractions.dll
bin/Sitecore.Framework.Data.Blobs.Abstractions.xml
bin/Sitecore.Framework.Data.Blobs.dll
bin/Sitecore.Framework.Data.Blobs.xml
bin/Sitecore.Framework.Messaging.Abstractions.dll
bin/Sitecore.Framework.Messaging.Abstractions.xml
bin/Sitecore.Framework.Messaging.Configuration.dll
bin/Sitecore.Framework.Messaging.Configuration.xml
bin/Sitecore.Framework.Messaging.Rebus.Azure.dll
bin/Sitecore.Framework.Messaging.Rebus.Azure.xml
bin/Sitecore.Framework.Messaging.Rebus.Configuration.dll
bin/Sitecore.Framework.Messaging.Rebus.Configuration.xml
bin/Sitecore.Framework.Messaging.Rebus.dll
bin/Sitecore.Framework.Messaging.Rebus.SqlServer.dll
bin/Sitecore.Framework.Messaging.Rebus.SqlServer.xml
bin/Sitecore.Framework.Messaging.Rebus.xml
bin/Sitecore.Framework.Rules.Abstractions.dll
bin/Sitecore.Framework.Rules.Abstractions.xml
bin/Sitecore.Framework.Rules.Api.dll
bin/Sitecore.Framework.Rules.Api.xml
bin/Sitecore.Framework.Rules.Core.dll
bin/Sitecore.Framework.Rules.Core.xml
bin/Sitecore.Framework.Rules.dll
bin/Sitecore.Framework.Rules.Model.dll
bin/Sitecore.Framework.Rules.Model.xml
bin/Sitecore.Framework.Rules.Registry.dll
bin/Sitecore.Framework.Rules.Registry.xml
bin/Sitecore.Framework.Rules.Serialization.dll
bin/Sitecore.Framework.Rules.Serialization.xml
bin/Sitecore.Framework.Rules.xml
bin/Sitecore.Framework.TransientFaultHandling.Abstractions.dll
bin/Sitecore.Framework.TransientFaultHandling.Abstractions.xml
bin/Sitecore.Framework.TransientFaultHandling.dll
bin/Sitecore.Framework.TransientFaultHandling.EntLib.dll
bin/Sitecore.Framework.TransientFaultHandling.EntLib.xml
bin/Sitecore.Framework.TransientFaultHandling.Sql.dll
bin/Sitecore.Framework.TransientFaultHandling.Sql.xml
bin/Sitecore.Framework.TransientFaultHandling.xml
bin/Sitecore.FXM.Client.dll
bin/Sitecore.FXM.dll
bin/Sitecore.FXM.Service.dll
bin/Sitecore.FXM.Speak.dll
bin/Sitecore.ItemWebApi.dll
bin/Sitecore.ItemWebApi.xml
bin/Sitecore.Kernel.dll
bin/Sitecore.Kernel.xml
bin/Sitecore.LaunchPad.dll
bin/Sitecore.LaunchPad.xml
bin/Sitecore.ListManagement.Client.dll
bin/Sitecore.ListManagement.dll
bin/Sitecore.ListManagement.Services.dll
bin/Sitecore.ListManagement.XConnect.dll
bin/Sitecore.ListManagement.XConnect.Web.dll
bin/Sitecore.Logging.Client.dll
bin/Sitecore.Logging.Client.xml
bin/Sitecore.Logging.dll
bin/Sitecore.Logging.xml
bin/Sitecore.Marketing.Automation.Activity.dll
bin/Sitecore.Marketing.Automation.Activity.xml
bin/Sitecore.Marketing.Automation.ActivityDescriptors.Client.dll
bin/Sitecore.Marketing.Automation.ActivityDescriptors.Client.xml
bin/Sitecore.Marketing.Automation.ActivityDescriptors.dll
bin/Sitecore.Marketing.Automation.ActivityDescriptors.xml
bin/Sitecore.Marketing.Automation.Client.dll
bin/Sitecore.Marketing.Automation.Client.xml
bin/Sitecore.Marketing.Automation.dll
bin/Sitecore.Marketing.Automation.Models.dll
bin/Sitecore.Marketing.Automation.Models.xml
bin/Sitecore.Marketing.Automation.xml
bin/Sitecore.Marketing.Campaigns.Client.dll
bin/Sitecore.Marketing.Campaigns.Services.dll
bin/Sitecore.Marketing.Client.dll
bin/Sitecore.Marketing.Core.dll
bin/Sitecore.Marketing.Definitions.MarketingAssets.Repositories.dll
bin/Sitecore.Marketing.dll
bin/Sitecore.Marketing.Operations.Xdb.ReferenceData.dll
bin/Sitecore.Marketing.Operations.Xdb.ReferenceData.Model.dll
bin/Sitecore.Marketing.Operations.Xdb.ReferenceData.Service.dll
bin/Sitecore.Marketing.Search.dll
bin/Sitecore.Marketing.Segmentation.xMgmt.dll
bin/Sitecore.Marketing.Taxonomy.dll
bin/Sitecore.Marketing.Taxonomy.xMgmt.dll
bin/Sitecore.Marketing.xMgmt.dll
bin/Sitecore.Marketing.xMgmt.ReferenceData.dll
bin/Sitecore.Messaging.Azure.dll
bin/Sitecore.Messaging.dll
bin/Sitecore.Messaging.SqlServer.dll
bin/Sitecore.Mvc.Analytics.dll
bin/Sitecore.Mvc.DeviceSimulator.dll
bin/Sitecore.Mvc.dll
bin/Sitecore.Mvc.ExperienceEditor.dll
bin/Sitecore.Nexus.Consumption.dll
bin/Sitecore.Nexus.dll
bin/Sitecore.Nexus.Licensing.dll
bin/Sitecore.Owin.Authentication.dll
bin/Sitecore.Owin.Authentication.IdentityServer.dll
bin/Sitecore.Owin.dll
bin/Sitecore.PathAnalyzer.Client.dll
bin/Sitecore.PathAnalyzer.dll
bin/Sitecore.PathAnalyzer.Services.dll
bin/Sitecore.Processing.Common.dll
bin/Sitecore.Processing.Common.xml
bin/Sitecore.Processing.Cursors.Abstractions.dll
bin/Sitecore.Processing.Cursors.Abstractions.xml
bin/Sitecore.Processing.Engine.Abstractions.dll
bin/Sitecore.Processing.Engine.Abstractions.xml
bin/Sitecore.Processing.Tasks.Abstractions.dll
bin/Sitecore.Processing.Tasks.Abstractions.xml
bin/Sitecore.Processing.Tasks.Messaging.dll
bin/Sitecore.Processing.Tasks.Messaging.Xmgmt.dll
bin/Sitecore.Processing.Tasks.Messaging.Xmgmt.xml
bin/Sitecore.Processing.Tasks.Messaging.xml
bin/Sitecore.Processing.Tasks.Options.dll
bin/Sitecore.Processing.Tasks.Options.xml
bin/Sitecore.Reporting.Client.dll
bin/Sitecore.Reporting.Client.xml
bin/Sitecore.Reporting.Core.dll
bin/Sitecore.Reporting.Core.xml
bin/Sitecore.Reporting.Service.Abstractions.dll
bin/Sitecore.Reporting.Service.Abstractions.xml
bin/Sitecore.Reporting.Service.Http.Abstractions.dll
bin/Sitecore.Reporting.Service.Http.Abstractions.xml
bin/Sitecore.Reporting.Service.Http.XConnectClient.dll
bin/Sitecore.Reporting.Service.Http.XConnectClient.xml
bin/Sitecore.Security.AntiCsrf.dll
bin/Sitecore.Security.AntiCsrf.xml
bin/Sitecore.SequenceAnalyzer.dll
bin/Sitecore.Services.Client.dll
bin/Sitecore.Services.Core.dll
bin/Sitecore.Services.Infrastructure.dll
bin/Sitecore.Services.Infrastructure.Sitecore.dll
bin/Sitecore.SessionProvider.dll
bin/Sitecore.SessionProvider.Memory.dll
bin/Sitecore.SessionProvider.Memory.xml
bin/Sitecore.SessionProvider.MongoDB.dll
bin/Sitecore.SessionProvider.MongoDB.xml
bin/Sitecore.SessionProvider.Redis.dll
bin/Sitecore.SessionProvider.Redis.xml
bin/Sitecore.SessionProvider.Sql.dll
bin/Sitecore.SessionProvider.Sql.xml
bin/Sitecore.SessionProvider.xml
bin/Sitecore.Speak.Applications.dll
bin/Sitecore.Speak.Applications.xml
bin/Sitecore.Speak.Client.dll
bin/Sitecore.Speak.Components.dll
bin/Sitecore.Speak.Components.Guidance.dll
bin/Sitecore.Speak.Components.Web.dll
bin/Sitecore.Speak.Integration.Services.dll
bin/Sitecore.Speak.Integration.Spa.dll
bin/Sitecore.Speak.ItemWebApi.dll
bin/Sitecore.Speak.Web.dll
bin/Sitecore.TransientFaultHandling.dll
bin/Sitecore.TransientFaultHandling.xml
bin/Sitecore.Update.dll
bin/Sitecore.Update.xml
bin/Sitecore.UpdateCenter.Core.dll
bin/Sitecore.UpdateCenter.Core.xml
bin/Sitecore.UpdateCenter.dll
bin/Sitecore.UpdateCenter.ServiceClient.dll
bin/Sitecore.UpdateCenter.ServiceClient.xml
bin/Sitecore.UpdateCenter.xml
bin/Sitecore.Web.dll
bin/Sitecore.Web.xml
bin/Sitecore.XConnect.Client.Configuration.dll
bin/Sitecore.XConnect.Client.dll
bin/Sitecore.XConnect.Collection.Model.dll
bin/Sitecore.XConnect.Core.dll
bin/Sitecore.XConnect.Diagnostics.dll
bin/Sitecore.XConnect.dll
bin/Sitecore.XConnect.Search.dll
bin/Sitecore.XConnect.Segmentation.Conditions.dll
bin/Sitecore.XConnect.Segmentation.Conditions.xml
bin/Sitecore.XConnect.Segmentation.Engine.dll
bin/Sitecore.XConnect.Segmentation.Engine.xml
bin/Sitecore.XConnect.Segmentation.ExpressionBuilder.Model.dll
bin/Sitecore.XConnect.Segmentation.ExpressionBuilder.Model.xml
bin/Sitecore.XConnect.Segmentation.Predicates.dll
bin/Sitecore.XConnect.Segmentation.Predicates.Model.dll
bin/Sitecore.XConnect.Segmentation.Predicates.Model.xml
bin/Sitecore.XConnect.Segmentation.Predicates.xml
bin/Sitecore.XConnect.Service.dll
bin/Sitecore.XConnect.Service.Plugins.dll
bin/Sitecore.XConnect.Service.xml
bin/Sitecore.Xdb.Client.dll
bin/Sitecore.Xdb.Collection.dll
bin/Sitecore.Xdb.Common.Web.dll
bin/Sitecore.Xdb.Common.Web.xml
bin/Sitecore.Xdb.Configuration.dll
bin/Sitecore.Xdb.MarketingAutomation.Core.dll
bin/Sitecore.Xdb.MarketingAutomation.Core.xml
bin/Sitecore.Xdb.MarketingAutomation.Locators.dll
bin/Sitecore.Xdb.MarketingAutomation.Locators.Xmgmt.dll
bin/Sitecore.Xdb.MarketingAutomation.Locators.Xmgmt.xml
bin/Sitecore.Xdb.MarketingAutomation.Locators.xml
bin/Sitecore.Xdb.MarketingAutomation.OperationsClient.Configuration.dll
bin/Sitecore.Xdb.MarketingAutomation.OperationsClient.Configuration.xml
bin/Sitecore.Xdb.MarketingAutomation.OperationsClient.dll
bin/Sitecore.Xdb.MarketingAutomation.OperationsClient.xml
bin/Sitecore.Xdb.MarketingAutomation.ReportingClient.Configuration.dll
bin/Sitecore.Xdb.MarketingAutomation.ReportingClient.Configuration.xml
bin/Sitecore.Xdb.MarketingAutomation.ReportingClient.dll
bin/Sitecore.Xdb.MarketingAutomation.ReportingClient.xml
bin/Sitecore.Xdb.MarketingAutomation.SqlServer.dll
bin/Sitecore.Xdb.MarketingAutomation.SqlServer.xml
bin/Sitecore.Xdb.MarketingAutomation.Tracking.dll
bin/Sitecore.Xdb.MarketingAutomation.Tracking.xml
bin/Sitecore.Xdb.Processing.ContactMerge.dll
bin/Sitecore.Xdb.Processing.ContactMerge.UI.dll
bin/Sitecore.Xdb.Processing.Queue.dll
bin/Sitecore.Xdb.Processing.Queue.SqlServer.dll
bin/Sitecore.Xdb.ReferenceData.Client.dll
bin/Sitecore.Xdb.ReferenceData.Client.Xmgmt.dll
bin/Sitecore.Xdb.ReferenceData.Client.Xmgmt.xml
bin/Sitecore.Xdb.ReferenceData.Client.xml
bin/Sitecore.Xdb.ReferenceData.Core.dll
bin/Sitecore.Xdb.ReferenceData.Core.xml
bin/Sitecore.Xdb.ReferenceData.Service.dll
bin/Sitecore.Xdb.ReferenceData.Service.Xmgmt.dll
bin/Sitecore.Xdb.ReferenceData.Service.Xmgmt.xml
bin/Sitecore.Xdb.ReferenceData.Service.xml
bin/Sitecore.Xdb.ReferenceData.SqlServer.dll
bin/Sitecore.Xdb.ReferenceData.SqlServer.Xmgmt.dll
bin/Sitecore.Xdb.ReferenceData.SqlServer.Xmgmt.xml
bin/Sitecore.Xdb.ReferenceData.SqlServer.xml
bin/Sitecore.Xdb.Reporting.dll
bin/Sitecore.Xdb.Sql.Common.dll
bin/Sitecore.Xdb.Sql.Common.Xmgmt.dll
bin/Sitecore.Xdb.Tracking.Client.dll
bin/Sitecore.Zip.dll
bin/Sitecore.Zip.xml
bin/SolrNet.dll
bin/SolrNet.xml
bin/StackExchange.Redis.dll
bin/StackExchange.Redis.xml
bin/System.Buffers.dll
bin/System.Buffers.xml
bin/System.Configuration.ConfigurationManager.dll
bin/System.Data.Common.dll
bin/System.Data.SqlClient.dll
bin/System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource.dll
bin/System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource.xml
bin/System.Diagnostics.PerformanceCounter.dll
bin/System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
bin/System.Diagnostics.Tracing.dll
bin/System.Globalization.Extensions.dll
bin/System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
bin/System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.xml
bin/System.Interactive.Async.dll
bin/System.Interactive.Async.Providers.dll
bin/System.Interactive.Async.Providers.xml
bin/System.Interactive.Async.xml
bin/System.IO.Compression.dll
bin/System.IO.dll
bin/System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
bin/System.IO.Packaging.dll
bin/System.IO.Pipelines.dll
bin/System.IO.Pipelines.xml
bin/System.Memory.dll
bin/System.Memory.xml
bin/System.Net.Http.Extensions.Compression.Core.dll
bin/System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
bin/System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
bin/System.Net.Sockets.dll
bin/System.Net.WebSockets.Client.dll
bin/System.Net.WebSockets.dll
bin/System.Numerics.Vectors.dll
bin/System.Numerics.Vectors.xml
bin/System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.dll
bin/System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.xml
bin/System.Runtime.dll
bin/System.Runtime.InteropServices.RuntimeInformation.dll
bin/System.Runtime.Serialization.Primitives.dll
bin/System.Security.AccessControl.dll
bin/System.Security.Cryptography.Algorithms.dll
bin/System.Security.Cryptography.Encoding.dll
bin/System.Security.Cryptography.Primitives.dll
bin/System.Security.Cryptography.X509Certificates.dll
bin/System.Security.Cryptography.Xml.dll
bin/System.Security.Permissions.dll
bin/System.Security.Principal.Windows.dll
bin/System.Security.SecureString.dll
bin/System.Text.Encodings.Web.dll
bin/System.Text.Encodings.Web.xml
bin/System.Threading.Channels.dll
bin/System.Threading.Channels.xml
bin/System.Threading.Overlapped.dll
bin/System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
bin/System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
bin/System.ValueTuple.dll
bin/System.ValueTuple.xml
bin/System.Web.Cors.dll
bin/System.Web.Helpers.dll
bin/System.Web.Helpers.xml
bin/System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
bin/System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
bin/System.Web.Http.dll
bin/System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
bin/System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
bin/System.Web.Http.xml
bin/System.Web.Mvc.dll
bin/System.Web.Mvc.xml
bin/System.Web.Optimization.dll
bin/system.web.optimization.xml
bin/System.Web.Razor.dll
bin/System.Web.Razor.xml
bin/System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
bin/System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
bin/System.Web.WebPages.dll
bin/System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
bin/System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
bin/System.Web.WebPages.xml
bin/System.Xml.XPath.XDocument.dll
bin/Telerik.Web.Design.dll
bin/Telerik.Web.Device.Detection.dll
bin/Telerik.Web.Device.Detection.xml
bin/Telerik.Web.UI.dll
bin/Telerik.Web.UI.Skins.dll
bin/Telerik.Web.UI.XML
bin/WebActivatorEx.dll
bin/WebGrease.dll
bin/Yahoo.Yui.Compressor.dll
bin/de/PdfSharp.Charting.resources.dll
bin/de/PdfSharp.resources.dll
layouts/offline_fonts.css
layouts/Sample Datasource Sublayout.ascx
layouts/Sample Inner Sublayout.ascx
layouts/Sample layout.aspx
layouts/Sample Sublayout.ascx
layouts/xmlcontrol.aspx
layouts/SimulatedDevicePreview/default.aspx
layouts/System/VIChecker.aspx
layouts/System/VisitorIdentification.ascx
layouts/System/VisitorIdentification.aspx
layouts/System/VisitorIdentification.js
layouts/System/VisitorIdentificationCss.aspx
Properties/launchSettings.json
sitecore/blocked.aspx
sitecore/default.aspx
sitecore/no.css
sitecore/SelectedDatabase.ashx
sitecore/admin/cache.aspx
sitecore/admin/ConvertContactListSources.aspx
sitecore/admin/dbbrowser.aspx
sitecore/admin/dbbrowser.css
sitecore/admin/DBCleanup.aspx
sitecore/admin/default.aspx
sitecore/admin/default.css
sitecore/admin/dispatchsummary.aspx
sitecore/admin/EventQueueStats.aspx
sitecore/admin/ExperienceAnalytics.aspx
sitecore/admin/favicon.ico
sitecore/admin/index.html
sitecore/admin/inline.bundle.js
sitecore/admin/InstallLanguage.aspx
sitecore/admin/Jobs.aspx
sitecore/admin/Login.aspx
sitecore/admin/Logs.aspx
sitecore/admin/main.bundle.js
sitecore/admin/MediaHash.aspx
sitecore/admin/MessageStatistics.aspx
sitecore/admin/NonSecurePageDisabled.aspx
sitecore/admin/PackageItem.aspx
sitecore/admin/PathAnalyzer.aspx
sitecore/admin/pipelines.aspx
sitecore/admin/polyfills.bundle.js
sitecore/admin/PopulateManagedSchema.aspx
sitecore/admin/PublishQueueStats.aspx
sitecore/admin/RawSearch.aspx
sitecore/admin/RebuildReportingDB.aspx
sitecore/admin/RemoveBrokenLinks.aspx
sitecore/admin/restore.aspx
sitecore/admin/SecurityTools.aspx
sitecore/admin/serialization.aspx
sitecore/admin/sessionsummary.aspx
sitecore/admin/SetSACEndpoint.aspx
sitecore/admin/ShowConfig.aspx
sitecore/admin/ShowConfigLayers.aspx
sitecore/admin/ShowServicesConfig.aspx
sitecore/admin/SqlShell.aspx
sitecore/admin/stats.aspx
sitecore/admin/styles.bundle.css
sitecore/admin/unlock_admin.aspx
sitecore/admin/UpdateInstallationWizard.aspx
sitecore/admin/UserInfo.aspx
sitecore/admin/web.config
sitecore/admin/assets/back_button.png
sitecore/admin/assets/breadcrumb_red_bg.png
sitecore/admin/assets/global_logo.png
sitecore/admin/assets/logo_spiral.png
sitecore/admin/Packages/readme.txt
sitecore/admin/supportpackage/default.aspx
sitecore/admin/Wizard/ChooseAppropriateUpdatePackage.ascx
sitecore/admin/Wizard/ConfigurationDiffSideBySide.aspx
sitecore/admin/Wizard/FixInstallationErrorsPage.ascx
sitecore/admin/Wizard/InstallationLog.ascx
sitecore/admin/Wizard/InstallationResult.ascx
sitecore/admin/Wizard/InstallPackage.aspx
sitecore/admin/Wizard/InstallUpdatePackage.aspx
sitecore/admin/Wizard/PickTaskWizardPage.ascx
sitecore/admin/Wizard/PreviewMetadataWizardPage.ascx
sitecore/admin/Wizard/ProcessUpdatePackage.ascx
sitecore/admin/Wizard/ResolveConfigFileConflicts.ascx
sitecore/admin/Wizard/ResolveConfigFileConflicts.css
sitecore/admin/Wizard/ResolveConfigFileConflicts.js
sitecore/admin/Wizard/SelectPackageWizardPage.ascx
sitecore/admin/Wizard/UpdateInstallationWizard.css
sitecore/admin/Wizard/WelcomeWizardPage.ascx
sitecore/admin/Wizard/Images/ajax-loader.gif
sitecore/admin/Wizard/Images/bullet_square_blue.png
sitecore/admin/Wizard/Images/bullet_square_grey.png
sitecore/admin/Wizard/Images/bullet_square_red.png
sitecore/admin/Wizard/Images/bullet_square_yellow.png
sitecore/admin/Wizard/Lib/jquery.ui.1.7.3/jquery-ui.css
sitecore/admin/Wizard/Lib/jquery.ui.1.7.3/jquery-ui.min.js
sitecore/admin/Wizard/Lib/jsdifflib/difflib.js
sitecore/admin/Wizard/Lib/jsdifflib/diffview.css
sitecore/admin/Wizard/Lib/jsdifflib/diffview.js
sitecore/admin/xdb/ContactsMerge.aspx
sitecore/Copyrights/almond_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/amdefine_BSD-MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/AntiCSRF_MSPL.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/Antlr3.Runtime_BSD.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/array-find_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/asap_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/aspnet-redis-providers_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/babel-polyfill_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/babel-runtime_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/backbone.layoutmanager_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/Backbone_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/balanced-match_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/Base_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/basketjs_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/blanketjs_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/Bootstrap-modal_Apache.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/bootstrap-slider_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/Bootstrap_Apache.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/bowser_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/brace-expansion_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/Canvas2Image_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/ChilkatDotNet47_Chilkat-SL.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/classlist-polyfill_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/classnames_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/clone_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/Code Project - .NET Useful Functional Class Library_CPOL.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/Code Project - .NET's ThreadPool Class_CPOL.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/CommonServiceLocator.SolrNet_Apache.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/CommonServiceLocator_MS-PL.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/CommonServiceLocator_MSPL.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/concat-map_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/core-js_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/Crc32_Apache.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/D3_BSD.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/Date_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/deep-equal_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/deep-extend_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/DnsClient_Apache.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/DocumentFormat.OpenXml_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/DotNetOpenAuth_MS-PL.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/EcmaScript.NET.modified_MPL.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/EcmaScript.NET_BSD.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/encoding_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/envify_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/es5-shim_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/esprima-fb_BSD.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/except_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/exenv_BSD.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/ExplorerCanvas_Apache.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/fbjs_BSD.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/FiftyOne.Foundation_Mozilla-PL.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/flexie_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/Flotr_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/globalize_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/glob_ISC.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/hammerjs_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/Hammock_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/handlebar_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/hoist-non-react-statics_BSD.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/HtmlAgilityPack_MS-PL.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/iconv-lite_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/ICSharpCode.SharpZipLib_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/IdentityModel_Apache.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/indexof_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/inflight_ISC.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/inherits_ISC.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/inline-style-prefix-all_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/inline-style-prefixer_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/invariant_BSD.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/isomorphic-fetch_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/Jasmine_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/jQuery-ajax-unobtrusive_Apache.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/jQuery-validation-unobtrusive_Apache.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/jQuery-validation_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/jQuery.battatech.excelexport_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/jQuery.dialogextend_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/jQuery.dynatree_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/jQuery.Easing_BSD.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/jQuery.filedrop_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/jQuery.fileupload_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/jQuery.iframe-transport_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/jQuery.jCarousel_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/jQuery.linedtextarea_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/jquery.mCustomScrollbar_CCA30.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/jQuery.migrate_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/jQuery.mousewheel_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/jQuery.oktips_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/jQuery.qtip_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/jquery.simulate_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/jQuery.splitter_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/jQuery.timepicker_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/jQuery.tmpl_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/jQuery.ui_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/jQuery.watermark_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/jQuery.xml2json_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/jQueryypp_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/jQuery_elastislide_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/jQuery_extensions_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/jQuery_hammer_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/jQuery_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/js-tokens_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/jsdifflib_BSD.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/jsdifflib_difflib.js_BSD.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/JsonNET_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/jstorage_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/jstransform_Apache.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/Knockout-jQueryUI_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/KnockoutJS_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/Knockout_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/lodash-es_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/lodash.debounce_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/lodash.findlastindex_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/lodash.findlast_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/lodash.find_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/lodash.isarguments_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/lodash.isarray_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/lodash.keys_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/lodash.throttle_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/lodash.uniq_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/lodash._baseeachright_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/lodash._baseeach_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/lodash._basefindindex_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/lodash._basefind_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/lodash._baseiteratee_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/lodash._baseuniq_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/lodash._createset_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/lodash._getnative_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/lodash._setcache_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/lodash._stringtopath_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/lodash_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/Log4Net_Apache.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/loose-envify_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/Lucene.Net.Contrib.Analyzers_Apache.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/Lucene.Net.Contrib.Core_Apache.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/Lucene.Net.Contrib.FastVectorHighlighter_Apache.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/Lucene.Net.Contrib.Highlighter_Apache.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/Lucene.Net.Contrib.Memory_Apache.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/Lucene.Net.Contrib.Queries_Apache.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/Lucene.Net.Contrib.Regex_Apache.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/Lucene.Net.Contrib.SimpleFacetedSearch_Apache.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/Lucene.Net.Contrib.Snowball_Apache.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/Lucene.Net.Contrib.Snowball_BSD.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/Lucene.Net.Contrib.SpellChecker_Apache.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/Lucene.Net_Apache.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/MarkdownSharp_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/markdown_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core_MS-.NET-Library.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin_MS-.NET-Library.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/Microsoft.AspNet.OData_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/Microsoft.AspNet.WebApi.Extensions.Compression.Server_Apache.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/Microsoft.AspNetCore.Hosting.Abstractions_Apache.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/Microsoft.AspNetCore.Hosting.Server.Abstractions_Apache.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.Abstractions_Apache.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.Features_Apache.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/Microsoft.Azure.Amqp_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/Microsoft.Azure.ServiceBus_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/Microsoft.Azure.Services.AppAuthentication_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/Microsoft.DotNet.PlatformAbstractions_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Abstractions_Apache.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Memory_Apache.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/Microsoft.Extensions.CommandLineUtils_MS-.Net-Library.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Abstractions_Apache.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Binder_Apache.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.CommandLine_Apache.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.EnvironmentVariables_Apache.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.FileExtensions_Apache.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Ini_Apache.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Json_Apache.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Xml_Apache.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration_Apache.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions_Apache.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection_Apache.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyModel_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/Microsoft.Extensions.FileProviders.Abstractions_Apache.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/Microsoft.Extensions.FileProviders.Physical_Apache.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/Microsoft.Extensions.FileSystemGlobbing_Apache.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/Microsoft.Extensions.Hosting.Abstractions_Apache.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Abstractions_Apache.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/Microsoft.Extensions.Logging_Apache.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/Microsoft.Extensions.Options_Apache.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/Microsoft.Extensions.Primitives_Apache.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/Microsoft.IdentityModel.Clients.ActiveDirectory.Platform_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/Microsoft.IdentityModel.Clients.ActiveDirectory_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/Microsoft.IdentityModel.Logging_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocols.OpenIdConnect_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocols.WsFederation_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocols_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/Microsoft.IdentityModel.Tokens.Saml_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/Microsoft.IdentityModel.Tokens_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/Microsoft.IdentityModel.Xml_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/Microsoft.OData.Core_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/Microsoft.OData.Edm_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb_MS-.Net-Library.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/Microsoft.Owin.Security.ActiveDirectory_MS-.Net-Library.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies_MS-.Net-Library.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/Microsoft.Owin.Security.Jwt_MS-.Net-Library.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth_MS-.Net-Library.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/Microsoft.Owin.Security.OpenIdConnect_MS-.Net-Library.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/Microsoft.Owin.Security_MS-.Net-Library.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/Microsoft.Owin_MS-.Net-Library.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/Microsoft.Practices.EnterpriseLibrary.Common_MS-PL.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/Microsoft.Spatial_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/Microsoft.Web.Delegation_MS-Supplemental.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/Microsoft.Web.Deployment.Tracing_MS-Supplemental.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/Microsoft.Web.Deployment_MS-Supplemental.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure_MS.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/minimatch_ISC.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/Modernizr_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/moment-timezone_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/momentjs.with.locale_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/momentjs_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/moment_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/MongoDB.Bson_Apache.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/MongoDB.Driver.Core_Apache.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/MongoDB.Driver.Legacy_Apache.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/MongoDB.Driver_Apache.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/MongoDBCSharpDriver_Apache.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/Mvp.Xml_BSD.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/Newtonsoft.Json_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/NodaTime_Apache.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/node-fetch_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/nvd3_APACHE.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/NVelocity_Apache.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/object-assign_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/once_ISC.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/Owin_Apache.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/path-is-absolute_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/PdfSharp.Charting.resources_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/PdfSharp.Charting_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/PdfSharp.resources_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/PdfSharp_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/PhantomJS_BSD.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/Pipelines.Sockets.Unofficial_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/promise_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/protobuf-net_Apache.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/Prototype_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/query-string_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/Qunit_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/radium_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/RazorGenerator.Mvc_Apache.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/react-addons-transition-group_BSD.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/react-dom_BSD.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/react-input-autosize_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/react-onclickoutside_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/react-passthrough_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/react-redux_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/react-select_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/react-tooltip_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/react-treebeard_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/react-utils_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/react_BSD.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/Rebus.AzureServiceBus_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/Rebus.SqlServer_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/Rebus_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/redux-logger_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/redux-thunk_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/redux_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/regenerator-runtime_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/Remotion.Linq_Apache.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/RequireJS_BSD.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/require_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/rimraf_ISC.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/scriptaculous_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/Select2_Apache.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/shallowequal_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/SolrNet_Apache.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/source-map_BSD.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/StackExchange.Redis_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/strict-uri-encode_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/System.Buffers_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/System.Configuration.ConfigurationManager_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/System.Data.Common_MS-.Net-Library.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/System.Data.SqlClient_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/System.Diagnostics.PerformanceCounter_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/System.Diagnostics.StackTrace_MS-.Net-Library.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/System.Diagnostics.Tracing_MS-.Net-Library.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/System.Globalization.Extensions_MS-.Net-Library.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/System.Interactive.Async.Providers_Apache.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/System.Interactive.Async_Apache.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/System.IO.Compression_MS-.Net-Library.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives_MS-.NET-Library.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/System.IO.Packaging_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/System.IO.Pipelines_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/System.IO_MS-.Net-Library.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/System.Memory_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/System.Net.Http.Extensions.Compression.Core_Apache.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/System.Net.Http.Formatting_MS-.Net-Library.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/System.Net.Sockets_MS-.Net-Library.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/System.Net.WebSockets.Client_MS-.Net-Library.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/System.Net.WebSockets_MS-.Net-Library.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/System.Numerics.Vectors_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/System.Runtime.Serialization.Primitives_MS-.Net-Library.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/System.Runtime_MS-.Net-Library.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/System.Security.AccessControl_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/System.Security.Cryptography.Algorithms_MS-.Net-Library.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/System.Security.Cryptography.Encoding_MS-.Net-Library.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/System.Security.Cryptography.Primitives_MS-.Net-Library.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/System.Security.Cryptography.X509Certificates_MS-.Net-Library.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/System.Security.Cryptography.Xml_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/System.Security.Permissions_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/System.Security.Principal.Windows_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/System.Security.SecureString_MS-.Net-Library.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/System.Text.Encodings.Web_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/System.Threading.Channels_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/System.Threading.Overlapped_MS-.Net-Library.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/System.ValueTuple_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/System.Web.Cors_MS-.Net-Library.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/System.Web.Helpers_MS-.Net-Library.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/System.Web.Http.Cors_MS-.Net-Library.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/System.Web.Http.WebHost_MS-.Net-Library.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/System.Web.Http_MS-.Net-Library.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/System.Web.Mvc_MS-.Net-Library.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/System.Web.Optimization_MS-.Net-Library.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/System.Web.Razor_MS-.Net-Library.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/System.Web.WebPages.Deployment_MS-.Net-Library.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/System.Web.WebPages.Razor_MS-.Net-Library.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/System.Web.WebPages_MS-.Net-Library.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/System.Xml.XPath.XDocument_MS-.Net-Library.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/Telerik.Web.Design_Telerik-EULA.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/Telerik.Web.Device.Detection_Telerik-EULA.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/Telerik.Web.UI.Skins_Telerik-EULA.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/Telerik.Web.UI_Telerik-EULA.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/through_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/timelinejs_Apache.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/TweetSharp_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/ua-parser-js_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/Underscore_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/velocity-animate_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/velocity-react_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/WebActivatorEx_Apache.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/WebGrease_MS-.NET-Library.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/whatwg-fetch_MIT.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/wrappy_ISC.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/Yahoo.Yui.Compressor_BSD.txt
sitecore/Copyrights/YUI_BSD.txt
sitecore/debug/default.aspx
sitecore/debug/Profile.xslt
sitecore/debug/Trace.xslt
sitecore/images/blank.gif
sitecore/images/favicon.ico
sitecore/images/Install1.png
sitecore/images/Install2.png
sitecore/Localization/da-DK.zip
sitecore/Localization/de-DE.zip
sitecore/Localization/ja-JP.zip
sitecore/Localization/zh-CN.zip
sitecore/login/default.aspx
sitecore/login/Drop_Wallpaper.jpg
sitecore/login/Login.css
sitecore/login/login.js
sitecore/login/logo_new.png
sitecore/login/scxLogo.gif
sitecore/MarketingAutomation/RuleEditorOptions.ashx
sitecore/portal/IDE/BodyTop.gif
sitecore/portal/IDE/IDE.css
sitecore/portal/Tech/cap_l.gif
sitecore/portal/Tech/cap_m.gif
sitecore/portal/Tech/cap_r.gif
sitecore/portal/Tech/go_s.gif
sitecore/portal/Tech/head.gif
sitecore/portal/Tech/menu.gif
sitecore/portal/Tech/menu_h.gif
sitecore/portal/Tech/Tech.css
sitecore/service/error.aspx
sitecore/service/Heartbeat.aspx
sitecore/service/keepalive.aspx
sitecore/service/noaccess.aspx
sitecore/service/nolayout.aspx
sitecore/service/nolicense.aspx
sitecore/service/notfound.aspx
sitecore/service/xdb/disabled.aspx
sitecore/shell/blank.html
sitecore/shell/default.aspx
sitecore/shell/DialogHeader.ascx
sitecore/shell/DialogPage.Master
sitecore/shell/download.aspx
sitecore/shell/Invoke.aspx
sitecore/shell/sitecore.version.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/blank.html
sitecore/shell/Applications/ClientUsesOSWindows.aspx
sitecore/shell/Applications/DucatShell.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/ExternalApplication.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/GlobalHeader.ascx
sitecore/shell/Applications/Preview.aspx
sitecore/shell/Applications/Shell.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/WebEdit.aspx
sitecore/shell/Applications/Analytics/default.aspx
sitecore/shell/Applications/Analytics/CampaignField/CampaignField.xaml.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Analytics/Filters/FilterEditor.xaml.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Analytics/Filters/SelectDatabaseRow.xaml.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Analytics/Filters/FilterDetails/FilterDetails.css
sitecore/shell/Applications/Analytics/Filters/FilterDetails/FilterDetails.xaml.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Analytics/GoogleMap/GoogleMap.html
sitecore/shell/Applications/Analytics/MarketingCenter/default.aspx
sitecore/shell/Applications/Analytics/Personalization/PresetList.css
sitecore/shell/Applications/Analytics/Personalization/PresetList.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Analytics/Personalization/ProfileCardsForm.xaml.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Analytics/Personalization/Recalculate.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Analytics/Personalization/SelectMultiplePresets.xaml.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Analytics/Personalization/SelectSinglePreset.xaml.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Analytics/Personalization/Tooltip.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Analytics/Personalization/Carousel/jquery.jcarousel.min.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Analytics/Personalization/Carousel/skin.css
sitecore/shell/Applications/Analytics/Personalization/Chart/base64.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Analytics/Personalization/Chart/canvas2image.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Analytics/Personalization/Chart/canvastext.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Analytics/Personalization/Chart/excanvas.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Analytics/Personalization/Chart/flotr.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Analytics/Personalization/Chart/RadarChart.html
sitecore/shell/Applications/Analytics/Personalization/Chart/RadarChart.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Analytics/Personalization/FieldTypes/ProfileCardForm.aspx
sitecore/shell/Applications/Analytics/Personalization/TextBoxSlider/TextBoxSlider.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Analytics/SegmentBuilder/SegmentBuilder.css
sitecore/shell/Applications/Analytics/SegmentBuilder/SegmentBuilder.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Analytics/Subscription/Subscription.xaml.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Analytics/SynchronizeDatabase/SynchronizeDatabase.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Analytics/TrackingField/Goals.xaml.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Analytics/TrackingField/TrackingField.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Analytics/TrackingField/TrackingField.xaml.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Analytics/TrackingField/TrackingFieldDetails.xaml.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Analytics/VisitorIdentifications/VisitorIdentification.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Archives/RecycleBin/RecycleBin.css
sitecore/shell/Applications/Archives/RecycleBin/RecycleBin.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Archives/RecycleBin/RecycleBin.xaml.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/AddTab.aspx
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/BucketDatasourceLink.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/BucketInternalLink.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/BucketLink.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/BucketSearchUI.ascx
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/DataSourceResult.aspx
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/FieldResults.aspx
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/InsertLink.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/ItemBucket.asmx
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/ItemBucketsSearchResult.Master
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/MediaBrowser.aspx
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/MiniResults.aspx
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/Rebuild.asmx
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/SearchBox.ascx
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/ShowResult.aspx
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/WebEditSearch.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/alert.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/analytics.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/analytics_selected.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/arrows.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/arrow_left.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/arrow_left_h.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/arrow_right.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/arrow_right_h.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/author.gif
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/author.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/authormust.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/authornot.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/authorshould.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/blank.gif
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/cancel.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/chevron-medium-fat-1-01.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/chevron-medium-fat-2-01.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/chevron-medium-fat-3-01.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/chevron-medium-fat-4-01.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/chevron-small-1-01.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/chevron-small-2-01.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/chevron-small-3-01.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/chevron-small-4-01.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/clear.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/custom.gif
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/custom.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/custommust.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/customnot.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/customshould.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/datas-funnel.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/date.gif
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/date.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/datemust.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/datenot.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/dateshould.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/debug.gif
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/debug.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/debugmust.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/debugnot.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/debugshould.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/default.jpg
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/defaultblur.jpg
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/down.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/edition-magnifier.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/end.gif
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/end.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/endmust.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/endnot.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/endshould.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/extension.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/extensionmust.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/extensionnot.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/extensionshould.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/field.gif
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/field.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/fieldmust.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/fieldnot.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/fieldshould.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/file.gif
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/file.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/filemust.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/filenot.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/fileshould.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/filetype.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/filetypemust.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/filetypenot.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/filetypeshould.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/gallery.gif
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/gray_gradient.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/grid.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/gridhover.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/id.gif
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/id.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/idmust.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/idnot.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/idshould.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/image.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/imagesearch.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/image_selected.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/infinitescroll.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/infinitescroll_selected.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/language.gif
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/language.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/languagemust.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/languagenot.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/languageshould.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/left.gif
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/Left.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/list.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/listhover.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/load.gif
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/loading.gif
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/location.gif
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/location.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/locationmust.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/locationnot.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/locationshould.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/lock.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/lockNew.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/lockNew_open.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/lock_selected.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/map.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/map_selected.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/must.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/nav.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/next.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/not.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/notauthor.gif
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/notauthor.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/notmust.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/notsite.gif
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/notsite.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/nottag.gif
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/nottag.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/nottemplate.gif
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/nottemplate.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/nottext.gif
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/pagination_next.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/pagination_previous.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/persona.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/persona_selected.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/pin-on.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/pin.gif
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/pin.jpg
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/pin.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/pindown.jpg
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/prev.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/preview.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/preview_selected.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/profile.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/profile_selected.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/recent.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/recentmust.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/recentnot.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/recentshould.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/ref.gif
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/ref.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/refmust.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/refnot.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/refresh.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/refshould.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/right.gif
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/right.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/Right2.gif
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/right_4.gif
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/sc-spinner16.gif
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/sc-spinner32.gif
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/search.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/search_home.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/settings-hammer.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/site.gif
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/site.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/sitemust.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/sitenot.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/siteshould.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/sort.gif
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/sort.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/sortasc.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/sortdesc.gif
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/sortdesc.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/sortdescmust.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/sortdescnot.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/sortdescshould.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/sortmust.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/sortnot.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/sortshould.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/sound.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/soundmust.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/soundnot.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/soundshould.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/star.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/start.gif
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/start.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/startdate.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/startdatemust.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/startdatenot.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/startdateshould.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/startmust.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/startnot.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/startshould.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/switch.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/table.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/table_selected.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/tag.gif
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/tag.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/tagmust.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/tagnot.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/tagshould.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/tagview.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/tagview_selected.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/template.gif
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/template.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/templatemust.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/templatenot.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/templateshould.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/text.gif
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/text.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/textmust.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/textnot.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/textshould.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/thin-arrow-left.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/thin-arrow-right.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/up.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/updatedby.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/updatedbymust.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/updatedbynot.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/updatedbyshould.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/version.gif
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/version.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/versionmust.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/versionnot.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/versionshould.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/video.jpg
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/video.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/video_selected.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/view_grid.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/view_grid_selected.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/view_list.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/view_list_selected.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/icons/down.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/icons/up.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/Thumbnails/audio.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/Thumbnails/document.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/Thumbnails/file.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/images/Thumbnails/video.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/libs/almond/almond.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/libs/es5-shim/es5-shim.min.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/libs/jquery/jquery-1.10.2-vsdoc.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/libs/jquery/jquery-1.10.2.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/libs/jquery/jquery-1.10.2.min.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/libs/jquery/jquery-migrate-1.2.1.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/libs/jquery-linedtextarea/jquery-linedtextarea.css
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/libs/jquery-linedtextarea/jquery-linedtextarea.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/libs/jquery-ui/js/jquery-ui-1.10.3.custom.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/libs/jquery-ui/js/jquery-ui-1.10.3.custom.min.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/libs/jquery-ui/js/jquery-ui-culture.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/libs/knockout/knockout-3.0.0.debug.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/libs/knockout/knockout-3.0.0.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/libs/knockout-jqueryui/knockout-jqueryui.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/libs/knockout-jqueryui/knockout-jqueryui.min.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/libs/requirejs/require-2.1.9.debug.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/libs/requirejs/require-2.1.9.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/scripts/BucketLink.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/scripts/build.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/scripts/customBindings.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/scripts/InsertLinkOverride.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/scripts/ItemBucket.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/scripts/ItemBucket.utils.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/scripts/jquery.noconflict.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/scripts/main.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/scripts/main.min.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/scripts/searchBox/clientSideHooks.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/scripts/searchBox/controlTypes.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/scripts/searchBox/filterViewModel.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/scripts/searchBox/getSearchFilters.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/scripts/searchBox/operationUtils.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/scripts/searchBox/searchBoxViewModel.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/services/Search.ashx
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/styles/core.css
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/styles/IB_vd.css
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/styles/ItemBucket.css
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/styles/jquery-ui.css
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/styles/ListNew.css
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/styles/reset.css
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/styles/searchBox.css
sitecore/shell/Applications/Buckets/styles/SiteNew.css
sitecore/shell/Applications/Carousel/Carousel.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Content Manager/Content Editor.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Content Manager/Content Editor.Search.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Content Manager/Default.aspx
sitecore/shell/Applications/Content Manager/Execute.aspx
sitecore/shell/Applications/Content Manager/FieldEditor.aspx
sitecore/shell/Applications/Content Manager/Validator.aspx
sitecore/shell/Applications/Content Manager/Dialogs/Aliases/Aliases.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Content Manager/Dialogs/EditHtml/EditHtml.xaml.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Content Manager/Dialogs/EditHtml/ValidateXHtml.xaml.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Content Manager/Dialogs/FixHtml/FixHtml.xaml.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Content Manager/Dialogs/LayoutDetails/LayoutDetails.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Content Manager/Dialogs/Properties/Properties.css
sitecore/shell/Applications/Content Manager/Dialogs/Properties/Properties.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Content Manager/Dialogs/Properties/SystemMenu Archive.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Content Manager/Dialogs/Properties/SystemMenu Reminder.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Content Manager/Dialogs/Properties/SystemMenu Workflow.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Content Manager/Dialogs/ResetFields/ResetFields.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Content Manager/Dialogs/Set Help/Set Help.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Content Manager/Dialogs/Set Icon/Set Icon.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Content Manager/Dialogs/Set Icon/SetIcon.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Content Manager/Dialogs/Set Publishing/Set Publishing.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Content Manager/Dialogs/SetMasters/SetMasters.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Content Manager/Dialogs/SetMasters/SetMasters.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Content Manager/Dialogs/SetThumbnail/SetThumbnail.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Content Manager/Dialogs/SetThumbnail/SetThumbnail.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Content Manager/Editors/Folder/Folder.xaml.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Content Manager/Editors/Preview/Preview.css
sitecore/shell/Applications/Content Manager/Editors/Preview/Preview.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Content Manager/Editors/Preview/Preview.xaml.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Content Manager/Galleries/Gallery Grip.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Content Manager/Galleries/Gallery Option.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Content Manager/Galleries/Gallery.css
sitecore/shell/Applications/Content Manager/Galleries/Gallery.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Content Manager/Galleries/Gallery.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Content Manager/Galleries/Archives/Gallery Archive.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Content Manager/Galleries/Domains/GalleryDomains.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Content Manager/Galleries/Favorites/Gallery Favorites.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Content Manager/Galleries/Icons/Gallery Icons.css
sitecore/shell/Applications/Content Manager/Galleries/Icons/Gallery Icons.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Content Manager/Galleries/Indexes/Gallery.Indexes.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Content Manager/Galleries/Languages/Gallery Languages.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Content Manager/Galleries/Layout/Gallery Layout.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Content Manager/Galleries/Links/Gallery Links.css
sitecore/shell/Applications/Content Manager/Galleries/Links/Gallery Links.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Content Manager/Galleries/Links/Gallery Usage.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Content Manager/Galleries/Menus/Gallery Menu.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Content Manager/Galleries/New/Gallery New.Option.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Content Manager/Galleries/New/Gallery New.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Content Manager/Galleries/Open/Gallery Open.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Content Manager/Galleries/Reminders/Gallery Reminder.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Content Manager/Galleries/Security/Gallery Security.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Content Manager/Galleries/Subitems/Gallery Subitems.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Content Manager/Galleries/Users/GalleryUsers.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Content Manager/Galleries/Versions/Gallery Versions.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Content Manager/Localization/RadSpell.Dialog.de-DE.resx
sitecore/shell/Applications/Content Manager/Localization/RadSpell.Dialog.fr-FR.resx
sitecore/shell/Applications/Content Manager/Localization/RadSpell.Dialog.resx
sitecore/shell/Applications/Content Manager/Skins/Default.skin.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Content Manager/Skins/Tabular.skin.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/ContentSearch/IndexingManager.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/ContentSearch/SolrSchemaBuilder.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/ContentSearch/SolrSchemaPopulate.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/ControlPanel/ControlPanel/ControlPanel.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/ControlPanel/Preferences/ColorPicker/ColorPicker.xaml.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/ControlPanel/Preferences/UserOptions/UserOptions.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/ControlPanel/Preferences/Wallpaper/Wallpaper.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Databases/CleanUp/CleanUp.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Databases/DatabaseUsage/DatabaseUsage.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Debugger/counter.xslt
sitecore/shell/Applications/Debugger/Debug.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Debugger/Debugger page.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Debugger/Debugger viewer.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Debugger/Debugger.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Debugger/RenderingInfo/Rendering Info Not Found.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Debugger/RenderingInfo/Rendering Info.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Dialogs/About/About.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Dialogs/Alert/Alert.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Dialogs/AnchorLink/AnchorLink.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Dialogs/Archive item/Archive date.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Dialogs/Attach/Attach.aspx
sitecore/shell/Applications/Dialogs/Attach/Attach.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Dialogs/Attach/Attach2.aspx
sitecore/shell/Applications/Dialogs/Clone/CloneItem.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Dialogs/Confirm/Confirm.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Dialogs/ContinueAlwaysAbort/ContinueAlwaysAbort.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Dialogs/CopyTo/CopyTo.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Dialogs/CustomizeRibbon/CustomizeRibbon.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Dialogs/DateTimeSelectors/DateTimeSelector.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Dialogs/DesktopLink/DesktopLink.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Dialogs/Diff/Diff.css
sitecore/shell/Applications/Dialogs/Diff/Diff.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Dialogs/ExternalLink/ExternalLink.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Dialogs/GeneralLink/GeneralLink.css
sitecore/shell/Applications/Dialogs/GeneralLink/GeneralLink.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Dialogs/GeneralLink/GeneralLink.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Dialogs/InsertLink/InsertLink.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Dialogs/InternalLink/InternalLink.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Dialogs/ItemLister/ItemLister.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Dialogs/JavascriptLink/JavascriptLink.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Dialogs/MailLink/MailLink.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Dialogs/MediaLink/MediaLink.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Dialogs/MoveTo/MoveTo.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Dialogs/OrganizeFavorites/OrganizeFavorites.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Dialogs/Progress/ProgressDialog.css
sitecore/shell/Applications/Dialogs/Progress/ProgressDialog.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Dialogs/Progress/ProgressDialog.xaml.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Dialogs/Prompt/prompt.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Dialogs/Prompt/Prompt.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Dialogs/Publish/Publish.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Dialogs/Publish/Publish.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Dialogs/PublishingViewer/PublishingViewer.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Dialogs/RebuildLinkDatabase/RebuildLinkDatabase.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Dialogs/Reminder/Reminder.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Dialogs/ResetLayout/ResetLayout.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Dialogs/SelectItem/SelectItem.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Dialogs/SelectItems/SelectItems.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Dialogs/SelectLayoutPreset/SelectLayoutPreset.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Dialogs/SelectRendering/SelectRendering.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Dialogs/SilverlightNotification/silverlightNotification.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Dialogs/Sort/Sort.css
sitecore/shell/Applications/Dialogs/Sort/Sort.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Dialogs/Sort/Sort.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Dialogs/Testing/SetTestDetails.css
sitecore/shell/Applications/Dialogs/Testing/SetTestDetails.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Dialogs/Testing/SetTestDetails.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Dialogs/TransferToDatabase/TransferToDatabase.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Dialogs/Upload/Upload.aspx
sitecore/shell/Applications/Dialogs/Upload/Upload.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Dialogs/Upload/Upload2.aspx
sitecore/shell/Applications/Dialogs/YesNoCancel/YesNoCancel.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Dialogs/YesNoCancel/YesNoCancelAll.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Feeds/Layouts/FeedDeliveryLayout.aspx
sitecore/shell/Applications/Feeds/SetFeedPresentation/SetFeedPresentation.xaml.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Files/FileBrowser/FileBrowser.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Files/FileExplorer/FileExplorer.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Files/FileLister/FileLister.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Files/FileSaver/FileSaver.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/FlashUpload/Upload.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/FlashUpload/Advanced/UploadTarget.aspx
sitecore/shell/Applications/FlashUpload/Attach/Attach.xaml.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/FlashUpload/Attach/AttachTarget.aspx
sitecore/shell/Applications/FlashUpload/Simple/SimpleUpload.xaml.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Floatie/default.aspx
sitecore/shell/Applications/Floatie/Floatie.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/FXM/EmptyLayout.aspx
sitecore/shell/Applications/FXM/ExperienceEditor.aspx
sitecore/shell/Applications/Globalization/AddLanguage/AddLanguage.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Globalization/DeleteLanguage/DeleteLanguage.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Globalization/ExportLanguage/ExportLanguage.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Globalization/ImportLanguage/ImportLanguage.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Globalization/SelectLanguage/SelectLanguage.xaml.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Globalization/UntranslatedFields/UntranslatedFields.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Globalization/WorldLingo/WorldLingo.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Install/Designer.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Install/Designer.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Install/installer.css
sitecore/shell/Applications/Install/installer.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Install/Preview.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Install/Controls/BehaviourOptionEditor.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Install/Controls/EditorHost.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Install/Controls/ListEditor.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Install/Controls/PackageViewer.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Install/Controls/ProjectView.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Install/Controls/SelectAccount.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Install/Controls/Filters/FileDateFilterEditor.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Install/Controls/Filters/FileNameFilterEditor.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Install/Controls/Filters/FilesFilterEditor.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Install/Controls/Filters/ItemDateFilterEditor.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Install/Controls/Filters/ItemLanguageFilterEditor.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Install/Controls/Filters/ItemNameFilterEditor.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Install/Controls/Filters/ItemPublishFilterEditor.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Install/Controls/Filters/ItemsFilterEditor.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Install/Controls/Filters/ItemTemplateFilterEditor.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Install/Controls/Filters/ItemUserFilterEditor.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Install/Controls/Metadata/customattributeseditor.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Install/Controls/Metadata/MetadataEditor.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Install/Controls/Source Editors/filesourceeditor.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Install/Controls/Source Editors/filesourcerooteditor.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Install/Controls/Source Editors/itemsourceeditor.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Install/Controls/Source Editors/itemsourcerooteditor.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Install/Controls/Source Editors/ListSourceEditor.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Install/Controls/Source Editors/NameEditor.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Install/Controls/Source Editors/SecuritySourceEditor.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Install/Controls/Source Editors/sourceoutputeditor.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Install/Controls/Source Editors/sourceviewer.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Install/Controls/Widgets/fieldset.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Install/Controls/Widgets/flatbutton.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Install/Controls/Widgets/sectionframe.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Install/Controls/Widgets/statusbar.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Install/Controls/Widgets/statusbarsection.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Install/Controls/Widgets/treeview.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Install/Dialogs/BrowseDialog.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Install/Dialogs/Build package/BuildPackage.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Install/Dialogs/File Browser/File browser.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Install/Dialogs/Install package/GetPasteMode.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Install/Dialogs/Install package/Install Package.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Install/Dialogs/Project/OpenProject.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Install/Dialogs/Search/AddFileSource.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Install/Dialogs/Search/AddItemSource.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Install/Dialogs/Security/AddSecuritySourceDialog.xaml.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Install/Dialogs/Static/AddFilesDialog.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Install/Dialogs/Static/AddItemsDialog.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Install/Dialogs/Static/AddStaticFileSourceDialog.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Install/Dialogs/Static/AddStaticItemSourceDialog.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Install/Dialogs/Text Editor/TextEditor.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Install/Dialogs/Upload package/UploadPackage.aspx
sitecore/shell/Applications/Install/Dialogs/Upload package/UploadPackage.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Install/Dialogs/Upload package/UploadPackage2.aspx
sitecore/shell/Applications/Install/Galleries/NewProject.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/ItemBrowser/ItemBrowser.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Layouts/DeviceEditor/CopyDeviceTo.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Layouts/DeviceEditor/DeviceEditor.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Layouts/DeviceEditor/DeviceRendering.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Layouts/DeviceEditor/LayoutFieldDevice.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Layouts/DeviceEditor/LayoutFieldDeviceReadOnly.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Layouts/DeviceEditor/LayoutFieldToolbutton.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Layouts/DeviceEditor/PlaceholderEditor.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Layouts/DeviceEditor/RenderingEditor.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Layouts/Dialogs/SelectControl/SelectControl.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Layouts/GridDesigner/GridDesigner.css
sitecore/shell/Applications/Layouts/GridDesigner/GridDesigner.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Layouts/GridDesigner/GridDesigner.xaml.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Layouts/GridDesigner/GridDesignerControl.xaml.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Layouts/GridDesigner/Galleries/Predefined/Predefined.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Layouts/HtmlViewer/HtmlViewer.css
sitecore/shell/Applications/Layouts/HtmlViewer/HtmlViewer.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Layouts/HtmlViewer/HtmlViewer.xaml.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Layouts/IDE/IDE.aspx
sitecore/shell/Applications/Layouts/IDE/IDE.css
sitecore/shell/Applications/Layouts/IDE/IDE.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Layouts/IDE/IDE.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Layouts/IDE/IDEFullscreen.aspx
sitecore/shell/Applications/Layouts/IDE/Dialogs/New File/IDE New File.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Layouts/IDE/Editors/Content Editor/IDE Content Editor.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Layouts/IDE/Editors/HTML/IDE Html Editor Control.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Layouts/IDE/Editors/HTML/IDE Html Editor Control.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Layouts/IDE/Editors/HTML/IDE Html Editor.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Layouts/IDE/Editors/Profiler/Counters.xslt
sitecore/shell/Applications/Layouts/IDE/Editors/Profiler/IDE Profiler.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Layouts/IDE/Editors/Startpage/IDE Startpage.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Layouts/IDE/Editors/Startpage/IDE.TaskOption.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Layouts/IDE/Editors/Text/IDE Text.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Layouts/IDE/Editors/Xslt/IDE Xslt Preview.aspx
sitecore/shell/Applications/Layouts/IDE/Editors/Xslt/IDE Xslt.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Layouts/IDE/Windows/Templates/IDE Templates.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Layouts/IDE/Windows/Toolbox/IDE Toolbox Pane.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Layouts/IDE/Windows/Toolbox/IDE Toolbox.css
sitecore/shell/Applications/Layouts/IDE/Windows/Toolbox/IDE Toolbox.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Layouts/Layout lister/Layout lister.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Layouts/Layouter/Layouter control.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Layouts/Layouter/Layouter.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Layouts/Layouter/LayouterControl.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Layouts/Layouter/Dialogs/Rendering properties.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Layouts/Layouter/Viewers/ASPX/Layouter ASPX.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Layouts/Layouter/Viewers/Image/Layouter image.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Layouts/Layouter/Viewers/Text/Layouter Text.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Layouts/Layouter/Wizards/New layout/New layout.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Layouts/Layouter/Wizards/New sublayout/New sublayout.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Layouts/Layouter/Wizards/New XML layout/New XML layout.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Layouts/Layouter/Wizards/New XSL/New xsl.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Layouts/PageDesigner/PageDesigner.css
sitecore/shell/Applications/Layouts/PageDesigner/PageDesigner.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Layouts/PageDesigner/PageDesigner.xaml.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Layouts/PageDesigner/PageDesignerAdd.css
sitecore/shell/Applications/Layouts/PageDesigner/PageDesignerAdd.xaml.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Layouts/PageDesigner/PageDesignerNew.css
sitecore/shell/Applications/Layouts/PageDesigner/PageDesignerNew.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Layouts/PageDesigner/PageDesignerNew.xaml.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Layouts/PageDesigner/PageDesignerNoLayout.xaml.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Layouts/RenderingLister/RenderingLister.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Licenses/LicenseDetails/LicenseDetails.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Licenses/LicenseOverview/LicenseOverview.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Links/BreakingLinks/BreakingLinks.css
sitecore/shell/Applications/Links/BreakingLinks/BreakingLinks.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Links/EditLinks/EditLinks.css
sitecore/shell/Applications/Links/EditLinks/EditLinks.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Links/Fix links/Fix links.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Links/Update links/Update links.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Login/System page.css
sitecore/shell/Applications/Login/System page.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Masters/AddFromMaster/AddFromMaster.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Masters/MasterLister/MasterLister.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Media/File item viewer/File item viewer open.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Media/File item viewer/File item viewer.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Media/Image item viewer/Image item viewer.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Media/ImageProperties/ImageProperties.xaml.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Media/Imager/Image resize.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Media/Imager/Imager.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Media/Imager/Imager.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Media/MediaBrowser/MediaBrowser.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Media/MediaFolder/MediaFolder.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Media/MediaFolder/MediaFolder.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Media/MediaPlayer/MediaPlayer.aspx
sitecore/shell/Applications/Media/MediaShop/default.aspx
sitecore/shell/Applications/Media/MediaShop/MediaListviewItem.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Media/MediaShop/MediaShop Preview Portlet.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Media/MediaShop/MediaShop.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Media/Upload Media/UploadMedia.aspx
sitecore/shell/Applications/Media/Upload Media/UploadMedia.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Media/Upload Media/UploadMedia2.aspx
sitecore/shell/Applications/Media/UploadManager/Result.aspx
sitecore/shell/Applications/Media/UploadManager/Result.aspx.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Media/UploadManager/Upload.aspx
sitecore/shell/Applications/Media/UploadManager/Upload.aspx.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Media/UploadManager/Uploading.aspx
sitecore/shell/Applications/Media/UploadManager/UploadManager.aspx
sitecore/shell/Applications/Notification/EmailTemplates/NoWinner.html
sitecore/shell/Applications/Notification/EmailTemplates/NoWinner_source.html
sitecore/shell/Applications/Notification/EmailTemplates/RollbackPrevious.html
sitecore/shell/Applications/Notification/EmailTemplates/RollbackPrevious_source.html
sitecore/shell/Applications/Notification/EmailTemplates/WinnerFound.html
sitecore/shell/Applications/Notification/EmailTemplates/WinnerFound_source.html
sitecore/shell/Applications/Notification/EmailTemplates/images/indicator-med-down.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Notification/EmailTemplates/images/indicator-med-equal.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Notification/EmailTemplates/images/indicator-med-up.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Notification/EmailTemplates/images/indicator-small-up.png
sitecore/shell/Applications/Notification/EmailTemplates/Simple/NoWinner.txt
sitecore/shell/Applications/Notification/EmailTemplates/Simple/RollbackPrevious.txt
sitecore/shell/Applications/Notification/EmailTemplates/Simple/WinnerFound.txt
sitecore/shell/Applications/Page Modes/Cache.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Page Modes/Chrome.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Page Modes/ChromeControls.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Page Modes/ChromeFrame.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Page Modes/ChromeHighlightManager.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Page Modes/ChromeManager.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Page Modes/ChromeOverlay.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Page Modes/DesignManager.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Page Modes/Event.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Page Modes/HighlightFrame.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Page Modes/HoverFrame.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Page Modes/InlineEditingUtil.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Page Modes/LayoutDefinition.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Page Modes/MoveControlFrame.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Page Modes/NotificationBar.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Page Modes/PageEditor.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Page Modes/PageEditorProxy.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Page Modes/PlaceholderInsertion.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Page Modes/PlaceholderSorting.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Page Modes/Position.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Page Modes/PositioningManager.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Page Modes/SelectionFrame.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Page Modes/Utility.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Page Modes/ChromeTypes/ChromeType.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Page Modes/ChromeTypes/EditFrameChromeType.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Page Modes/ChromeTypes/FieldChromeType.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Page Modes/ChromeTypes/PlaceholderChromeType.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Page Modes/ChromeTypes/RenderingChromeType.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Page Modes/ChromeTypes/WordFieldChromeType.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Page Modes/ChromeTypes/WrapperlessFieldChromeType.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Page Modes/Personalization/Condition.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Page Modes/Personalization/ConditionStateStorage.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Page Modes/Personalization/ControlsContext.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Page Modes/Personalization/DropDown.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Page Modes/Personalization/GetConditionDescription.ashx
sitecore/shell/Applications/Page Modes/Personalization/Panel.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Page Modes/Personalization/RenderingCache.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Page Modes/RichControls/Context.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Page Modes/RichControls/Bar/Bar.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Page Modes/RichControls/Bar/Panel.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Page Modes/Testing/ControlsContext.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Page Modes/Testing/DropDown.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Page Modes/Testing/Panel.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Page Modes/Testing/RenderingCache.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/PageScreenshots/default.aspx
sitecore/shell/Applications/PageScreenshots/screenshots.css
sitecore/shell/Applications/PageScreenshots/screenshots.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/PageScreenshots/ScreenshotsHandler.ashx
sitecore/shell/Applications/PageScreenshots/Dialogs/ServiceNotPurchased.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Portlets/Portal configurator/Portal configurator.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Preview/SimulatedDevicePreview/Layouts/default.aspx
sitecore/shell/Applications/Preview/SimulatedDevicePreview/Layouts/DeviceRotation.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Preview/SimulatedDevicePreview/Scripts/RegisterCss.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Preview/SimulatedDevicePreview/Scripts/ReplaceFlash.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Reports/LogViewer/LogViewer.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Reports/LogViewer/LogViewer.xsl
sitecore/shell/Applications/Reports/LogViewer/LogViewerDetails.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Rules/MarketingAutomation/SelectPlanActivity.xaml.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Rules/RulesDetails/RulesDetails.css
sitecore/shell/Applications/Rules/RulesDetails/RulesDetails.xaml.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Rules/RulesEditor/RulesEditor.css
sitecore/shell/Applications/Rules/RulesEditor/RulesEditor.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Rules/RulesEditor/RulesEditor.xaml.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Search/Instant/InstantSearch.aspx
sitecore/shell/Applications/Search/Instant/InstantSearch.css
sitecore/shell/Applications/Search/Instant/InstantSearch.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Search/Search/Search advanced.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Search/Search/Search.css
sitecore/shell/Applications/Search/Search/Search.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Security/FlexiGrid.css
sitecore/shell/Applications/Security/AccessViewer/AccessViewer.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Security/AccessViewer/AccessViewerLegend.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Security/AccessViewer/SelectColumns.xaml.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Security/ChangePassword/changepassword.aspx
sitecore/shell/Applications/Security/CreateNewUser/CreateNewUser.aspx
sitecore/shell/Applications/Security/DomainManager/DomainManager.aspx
sitecore/shell/Applications/Security/DomainManager/EditDomain.xaml.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Security/DomainManager/NewDomain.xaml.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Security/EditManagedDomains/EditManagedDomains.xaml.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Security/EditUser/EditUser.xaml.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Security/ItemSecurityEditor/ItemSecurityEditor.css
sitecore/shell/Applications/Security/ItemSecurityEditor/ItemSecurityEditor.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Security/ItemSecurityEditor/ItemSecurityEditor.xaml.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Security/RoleManager/NewRole.xaml.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Security/RoleManager/RoleManager.aspx
sitecore/shell/Applications/Security/RoleManager/ViewMembers.xaml.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Security/RoleManager/ViewParentRoles.xaml.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Security/SecurityDetails/SecurityDetails.css
sitecore/shell/Applications/Security/SecurityDetails/SecurityDetails.xaml.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Security/SecurityEditor/SecurityEditor.css
sitecore/shell/Applications/Security/SecurityEditor/SecurityEditor.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Security/SecurityEditor/SecurityEditor.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Security/SecurityEditor/SecurityEditorLegend.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Security/SecurityEditor/SelectColumns.xaml.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Security/SelectAccount/SelectAccount.xaml.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Security/SelectRoles/SelectRoles.xaml.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Security/SetOwner/SetOwner.xaml.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Security/SetPassword/SetPassword.xaml.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Security/UserManager/UserManager.aspx
sitecore/shell/Applications/Security/UserRoleList/UserRoleList.css
sitecore/shell/Applications/Security/UserRoleList/UserRoleList.xaml.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Security/UserRoleSelector/UserRoleSelector.css
sitecore/shell/Applications/Security/UserRoleSelector/UserRoleSelector.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Security/UserRoleSelector/UserRoleSelector.xaml.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/SitecoreApps/Loader.aspx
sitecore/shell/Applications/Startbar/Startbar.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Templates/AddFromTemplate/AddFromTemplate.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Templates/AddFromTemplate/AddFromTemplate.xml.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Templates/ChangeTemplate/ChangeTemplate.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Templates/CreateTemplate/CreateTemplate.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Templates/SetBaseTemplates/SetBaseTemplates.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Templates/TemplateBuilder/TemplateBuilder.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Templates/TemplateBuilder/TemplateBuilder.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Templates/TemplateBuilder/TemplateBuilder.xml.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/Templates/TemplateInheritance/TemplateInheritance.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Templates/TemplateLister/Template lister.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Templates/TemplateManager/default.aspx
sitecore/shell/Applications/Templates/TemplateManager/TemplateManager.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Tools/Broken links/Broken link details.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Tools/Broken links/Broken links.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Tools/Keyboard map/Keyboard map.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Tools/Run/Run.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/WebEdit/PageDesignerError.aspx
sitecore/shell/Applications/WebEdit/Palette.aspx
sitecore/shell/Applications/WebEdit/prototypeWebEdit.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/WebEdit/TestCombinations.ashx
sitecore/shell/Applications/WebEdit/WebEdit.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/WebEdit/WebEditRibbon.aspx
sitecore/shell/Applications/WebEdit/WebEditRibbon.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/WebEdit/Dialogs/LockedItems/LockedItems.xaml.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/WebEdit/Dialogs/Personalization/Effect.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/WebEdit/Dialogs/Personalization/kpi.css
sitecore/shell/Applications/WebEdit/Dialogs/Personalization/Personalization.css
sitecore/shell/Applications/WebEdit/Dialogs/Personalization/Personalization.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/WebEdit/Dialogs/Personalization/Personalization.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/WebEdit/Dialogs/Personalization/Visits.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/WebEdit/Galleries/Gallery.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/WebEdit/Galleries/Device Simulators/Device Simulators.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/WebEdit/Galleries/Device Simulators/DeviceSimulators.js
sitecore/shell/Applications/WebEdit/Galleries/Personalization/Profile Cards.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/WebEdit/Galleries/Testing/Gallery Page Variations.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Workbox/CommentEditor.aspx
sitecore/shell/Applications/Workbox/Default.aspx
sitecore/shell/Applications/Workbox/Workbox.aspx
sitecore/shell/Applications/Workbox/Workbox.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Workbox/WorkboxCommand.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Workbox/WorkboxHistory.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Workbox/WorkboxHistoryEntry.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Workbox/WorkboxItem.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Workbox/WorkboxToolbar.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Xaml/Button.xaml.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Xaml/Hello.xaml.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Xaml/Styles.xaml.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Xaml/Tutorials.Ajax.xaml.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Xaml/Tutorials.Basic.xaml.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Xaml/Tutorials.Common.xaml.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Xaml/Tutorials.Index.xaml.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Xaml/Tutorials.Language.xaml.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Xaml/Tutorials.Server.xaml.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Xaml/Tutorials.Styles.xaml.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Xaml/Tutorials.xaml.css
sitecore/shell/Applications/Xaml/WebControl.xaml.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Xaml/Controls/BaseDialogPage.xaml.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Xaml/Controls/DialogPage.xaml.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Xaml/Controls/HtmlBody.xaml.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Xaml/Controls/HtmlPage.xaml.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Xaml/Controls/ModalDialogPage.xaml.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Xaml/Controls/Wizard.xaml.xml
sitecore/shell/Applications/Xaml/Controls/XhtmlPage.xaml.xml
sitecore/shell/client/web.config
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/CampaignManager/Chunks/campaignExecution.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/CampaignManager/Chunks/campaignInfo.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/CampaignManager/Pages/Dashboard/Dashboard.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/CampaignManager/Pages/Tasks/Campaign.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/CampaignManager/Resources/constants.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/CampaignManager/Resources/dictionary.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/CampaignManager/Utils/antiForgeryUtils.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/CampaignManager/Utils/campaignActionsManager.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/CampaignManager/Utils/fileDownloader.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/CampaignManager/Utils/langResolver.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/CampaignManager/Utils/messages.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/CampaignManager/Utils/urlParser.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Angular/dist/3rdpartylicenses.txt
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Angular/dist/favicon.ico
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Angular/dist/index.aspx
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Angular/dist/assets/sc-spinner32.gif
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Angular/dist/assets/trophy.png
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Angular/dist/assets/trophy2.png
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Angular/dist/assets/zoom.png
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Assets/crossClose.png
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Assets/decrease-large.png
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Assets/decrease-small.png
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Assets/disabled.ico
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Assets/enabled-grey.ico
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Assets/enabled.ico
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Assets/goblet-silver.png
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Assets/icon-add.png
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Assets/icon-existing-page.png
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Assets/icon-page-version.png
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Assets/increase-large.png
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Assets/increase-small.png
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Assets/info.png
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Assets/like-img.jpg
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Assets/like-img.png
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Assets/medal-bronze.png
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Assets/medal-gold.png
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Assets/medal-silver.png
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Assets/nochange-small.png
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Assets/nochange.png
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Assets/personalization.png
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Assets/question.png
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Assets/star.png
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Assets/triangle.png
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Assets/16x16/workflow_test.png
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Assets/24x24/search.png
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Assets/32x32/decrease.png
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Assets/32x32/increase.png
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Assets/32x32/nochange.png
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Assets/48x48/optimization.png
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Assets/48x48/workflow_test.png
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Assets/ExpectedChanges/negative.png
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Assets/height25/decrease25.png
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Assets/height25/increase25.png
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Assets/height25/nochange25.png
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Assets/tests/16x16/active_test.png
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Assets/tests/16x16/page_test.png
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Assets/tests/16x16/test_result.png
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Assets/tests/24x24/active_test.png
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Assets/tests/24x24/page_test.png
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Assets/tests/24x24/test_result.png
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Common/css/Gallery.css
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Common/css/Leaderboard.css
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Common/css/OverridingSPEAKstyles.css
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Common/css/Palette.css
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Common/css/PrevNextButtons.css
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Common/css/ReviewTest.css
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Common/css/Search.css
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Common/css/SelectPagesToTest.css
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Common/css/Settings.css
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Common/css/spot-palette.css
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Common/css/TestList.css
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Common/lib/BindingConverters.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Common/lib/BindingUtil.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Common/lib/ConfidenceLevelCtrl.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Common/lib/CreateTestActions.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Common/lib/DataRepeaterBinding.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Common/lib/DataUtil.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Common/lib/EditUtil.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Common/lib/ExecutedTestsList.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Common/lib/ExpectedChangeCtrl.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Common/lib/ExperienceInfo.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Common/lib/IDUtil.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Common/lib/ImageThumbs.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Common/lib/Messages.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Common/lib/ModeFix.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Common/lib/RequestUtil.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Common/lib/ReviewTest.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Common/lib/SelectItemDialog.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Common/lib/SelectPagesToTest.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Common/lib/SuggestedTestsList.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Common/lib/TestItemListEntry.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Common/lib/TestResultsActions.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Common/lib/TestTypes.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Common/lib/URLs.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Common/lib/VersionInfo.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Common/lib/PageTest/PageTestUtil.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Components/TestOptions/json2.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Components/ValueBar/ValueBar.css
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Components/ValueBar/ValueBar.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Components/ZoomFrame/ZoomFrame.css
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Components/ZoomFrame/ZoomFrame.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Components/__OLD/KPISpot/KPISpot.css
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Components/__OLD/KPISpot/KPISpot.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Components/__OLD/KPISpot/spots.css
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Pages/ActiveTests/ActiveTests.css
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Pages/ActiveTests/ActiveTests.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Pages/PageTest/PageTest.css
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Pages/PageTest/PageTest.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Pages/Rules/Rules.css
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Pages/Rules/Rules.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Pages/TestResults/palette.css
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Pages/TestResults/TestResults.css
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ContentTesting/Pages/TestResults/TestResults.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ControlPanel/ControlPanel.cshtml
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ControlPanel/ControlPanel.css
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ControlPanel/ControlPanel.less
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ControlPanel/ControlPanel.min.css
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/Dialogs/CustomDialog.css
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/Dialogs/InsertAnchorDialog.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/Dialogs/InsertEmailDialog.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/Dialogs/InsertLinkViaTreeDialog.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/Dialogs/SelectMediaDialog.css
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/Dialogs/SelectMediaDialog.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/Dialogs/UploadMediaDialog.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ECM/1stleveldependencylicenses.json
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ECM/3rdpartylicenses.txt
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ECM/index.aspx
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ECM/inline.318b50c57b4eba3d437b.bundle.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ECM/main.7d48bdcafd27fc1376be.bundle.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ECM/polyfills.7cb3e2a75a20096c46ac.bundle.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ECM/styles.c286672ee6e6601f4d90.bundle.css
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ECM/assets/icons/calendar-icon.svg
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ECM/EmailCampaign.Client/constants.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ECM/EmailCampaign.Client/settings.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ECM/EmailCampaign.Client/Web.config
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ECM/EmailCampaign.Client/Assets/CSS/Dashboard.css
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ECM/EmailCampaign.Client/Assets/CSS/ListPage.css
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ECM/EmailCampaign.Client/Assets/Images/android.png
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ECM/EmailCampaign.Client/Assets/Images/apple.png
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ECM/EmailCampaign.Client/Assets/Images/ecm16x16.png
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ECM/EmailCampaign.Client/Assets/Images/star.png
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ECM/EmailCampaign.Client/Assets/Images/windows.png
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ECM/EmailCampaign.Client/Component/Cookies.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ECM/EmailCampaign.Client/Component/Language.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ECM/EmailCampaign.Client/Component/Notifications.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ECM/EmailCampaign.Client/Component/ReportVariant.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ECM/EmailCampaign.Client/Component/ServerRequest.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ECM/EmailCampaign.Client/Component/Tab/ReviewTab.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ECM/EmailCampaign.Client/Dialog/AlertDialog.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ECM/EmailCampaign.Client/Dialog/ConfirmDialog.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ECM/EmailCampaign.Client/Dialog/DialogBase.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ECM/EmailCampaign.Client/Dialog/guidGenerator.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ECM/EmailCampaign.Client/Dialog/ItemTreeDialog.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ECM/EmailCampaign.Client/Dialog/PromptDialog.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ECM/EmailCampaign.Client/Helpers/ChartHelper.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ECM/EmailCampaign.Client/Helpers/DateHelper.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ECM/EmailCampaign.Client/Helpers/FilterHelper.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ECM/EmailCampaign.Client/Helpers/MathHelper.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ECM/EmailCampaign.Client/Helpers/StringHelper.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ECM/EmailCampaign.Client/Models/DimensionModel.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ECM/EmailCampaign.Client/Models/ReportDataModel.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ECM/EmailCampaign.Client/Pages/AppBase.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ECM/EmailCampaign.Client/Pages/CampaignReport.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ECM/EmailCampaign.Client/Pages/Dashboard.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ECM/EmailCampaign.Client/Pages/ListPageBase.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ECM/EmailCampaign.Client/Pages/Messages.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ECM/EmailCampaign.Client/Pages/PageBase.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ECM/EmailCampaign.Client/Pages/StartPage.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ECM/EmailCampaign.Client/Pages/Messages/Regular.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ECM/EmailCampaign.Client/Pages/Tabs/10-General.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ECM/EmailCampaign.Client/Pages/Tabs/20-Recipient.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ECM/EmailCampaign.Client/Pages/Tabs/30-Message.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ECM/EmailCampaign.Client/Pages/Tabs/40-Review.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ECM/EmailCampaign.Client/Pages/Tabs/50-Delivery.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ECM/EmailCampaign.Client/Services/AngularService.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ECM/EmailCampaign.Client/Services/DialogService.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ECM/EmailCampaign.Client/Services/MessageService.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ECM/EmailCampaign.Controls/DataSourceBase.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ECM/EmailCampaign.Controls/Web.config
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ECM/EmailCampaign.Controls/Behaviors/Focusable.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ECM/EmailCampaign.Controls/Card/Card.css
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ECM/EmailCampaign.Controls/Card/Card.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ECM/EmailCampaign.Controls/Card/Card.min.css
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ECM/EmailCampaign.Controls/Expander/Expander.css
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ECM/EmailCampaign.Controls/Expander/Expander.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ECM/EmailCampaign.Controls/ScoreCard/ScoreCard.css
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ECM/EmailCampaign.Controls/ScoreCard/ScoreCard.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/EDS/Assets/css/style.css
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/EDS/Assets/css/style.min.css
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/EDS/Assets/js/edsUtil.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/EDS/Assets/js/fileDownloader.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/EDS/Dialogs/AddEditSenderDomainDialog.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/EDS/Dialogs/AddSuppressionDialog.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/EDS/Dialogs/ConfirmationDialog.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/EDS/Dialogs/ExportSuppressionDialog.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/EDS/Pages/CommonListPage.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/EDS/Pages/Domains.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/EDS/Pages/Subscription.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/EDS/Pages/SuppressionList.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ExperienceAnalytics/Common/ExperienceAnalytics.css
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ExperienceAnalytics/Common/Shared/ChartPageCode.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ExperienceProfile/Common/CintelUtl.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ExperienceProfile/Common/DataProviderHelper.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ExperienceProfile/Common/images/calendar-32x32.png
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ExperienceProfile/Common/images/commerce-gift.png
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ExperienceProfile/Common/images/error_red.png
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ExperienceProfile/Common/images/female.png
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ExperienceProfile/Common/images/file-view-2.png
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ExperienceProfile/Common/images/file-view-32x32.png
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ExperienceProfile/Common/images/general-event.png
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ExperienceProfile/Common/images/i-mark.png
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ExperienceProfile/Common/images/male.png
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ExperienceProfile/Common/images/pattern128x128.png
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ExperienceProfile/Common/images/pattern32x32.png
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ExperienceProfile/Common/images/places-map-pin.png
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ExperienceProfile/Common/images/share-sharing.png
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ExperienceProfile/Common/images/time-calendar-1.png
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ExperienceProfile/Common/images/time-clock.png
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ExperienceProfile/Common/images/unknown-gender.png
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ExperienceProfile/Contact/Contact.css
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ExperienceProfile/Contact/Contact.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ExperienceProfile/Contact/Activity/Activity.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ExperienceProfile/Contact/Campaigns/Campaigns.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ExperienceProfile/Contact/Channels/Channels.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ExperienceProfile/Contact/Channels/ChannelsTab.css
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ExperienceProfile/Contact/Details/DetailsTab.css
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ExperienceProfile/Contact/Details/DetailsTab.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ExperienceProfile/Contact/Goals/Goals.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ExperienceProfile/Contact/Goals/GoalsTab.css
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ExperienceProfile/Contact/JourneyPanel/Outcome.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ExperienceProfile/Contact/Keywords/Keywords.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ExperienceProfile/Contact/Keywords/KeywordsTab.css
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ExperienceProfile/Contact/Outcomes/Outcomes.css
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ExperienceProfile/Contact/Outcomes/Outcomes.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ExperienceProfile/Contact/Overview/OverviewTab.css
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ExperienceProfile/Contact/Overview/OverviewTab.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ExperienceProfile/Contact/Profiling/BarView.cshtml
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ExperienceProfile/Contact/Profiling/Profiling.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ExperienceProfile/Contact/Visits/Visits.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ExperienceProfile/Contact/Visits/VisitsTab.css
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ExperienceProfile/Dashboard/Dashboard.css
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ExperienceProfile/Dashboard/Dashboard.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ExperienceProfile/Search/ContactTemplate.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ExperienceProfile/Search/Search.css
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ExperienceProfile/Search/Search.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ExperienceProfile/VisitDetail/VisitDetail.css
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ExperienceProfile/VisitDetail/VisitDetail.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ExternalApplication/ExternalApplication.css
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ExternalApplication/ExternalApplication.less
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ExternalApplication/ExternalApplication.min.css
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FormsBuilder/assets/FileDownloader.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FormsBuilder/assets/FormEditorUtils.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FormsBuilder/assets/FormServices.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FormsBuilder/assets/images/icon_abandonments.png
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FormsBuilder/assets/images/icon_average_time.png
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FormsBuilder/assets/images/icon_error_rate.png
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FormsBuilder/assets/images/icon_form_blank.png
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FormsBuilder/assets/images/icon_unique_views.png
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FormsBuilder/assets/images/stackedForms.png
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FormsBuilder/Layouts/Actions/Actions.css
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FormsBuilder/Layouts/Actions/FormFieldsUtils.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FormsBuilder/Layouts/Actions/RedirectToPage.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FormsBuilder/Layouts/Actions/RedirectToUrl.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FormsBuilder/Layouts/Actions/TriggerGoal.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FormsBuilder/Layouts/Actions/TriggerOutcome.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FormsBuilder/Layouts/Performance/FormPerformance.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FormsBuilder/Layouts/Performance/Performance.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FormsBuilder/Layouts/PropertyGrid/PropertyGrid.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FormsBuilder/Navigation/Create.css
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FormsBuilder/Navigation/Create.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FormsBuilder/Pages/FormDesigner/FormDesigner.css
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FormsBuilder/Pages/FormDesigner/FormDesigner.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FormsBuilder/Pages/Forms/Forms.css
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FormsBuilder/Pages/Forms/Forms.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FXM/Commands/Commands.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FXM/Commands/ConfirmDeletion.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FXM/Commands/NavigateBackwards.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FXM/Commands/OpenDomainDashboard.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FXM/Commands/OpenDomainMatcher.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FXM/Commands/OpenInExperienceEditor.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FXM/Commands/OpenPageFilter.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FXM/Commands/ToggleEditMode.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FXM/Common/images/edition-magnifier.png
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FXM/Common/styles/Common.css
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FXM/ExperienceEditorExtension/Legacy/Chrome.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FXM/ExperienceEditorExtension/Legacy/Fxm.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FXM/ExperienceEditorExtension/Legacy/scSitecore.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FXM/ExperienceEditorExtension/Utils/ClientBeacon.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FXM/Layouts/Renderings/Data/FxmDataSource.cshtml
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FXM/Layouts/Renderings/Data/FxmDataSource.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FXM/Pages/DomainDashboard/DomainDashboard.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FXM/Pages/DomainMatcher/DomainMatcher.css
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FXM/Pages/DomainMatcher/DomainMatcher.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FXM/Pipelines/InitializeFxm/GetClientActions.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FXM/Pipelines/InitializeFxm/SetButtonStates.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FXM/Pipelines/NavigateBackwards/ExecuteNavigator.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FXM/Pipelines/NavigateBackwards/QsNavigator.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FXM/Pipelines/OpenPublishWizard/LaunchDialog.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FXM/Pipelines/OpenRulesEditor/GetRulesEditorUrl.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FXM/Pipelines/OpenRulesEditor/LaunchDialog.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FXM/Pipelines/Utils/PipelineUtils.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FXM/Utils/ClassicDialogUtil.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FXM/Utils/ComponentSettings.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FXM/Utils/ManageFunctionsUtil.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FXM/Utils/ParamUtils.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FXM/Utils/purl.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FXM/Utils/Switcher.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FXM/Utils/Validation.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FXM/Utils/WebUtil.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FXM/Utils/Services/BaseEntityService.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FXM/Utils/Services/BeaconService.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FXM/Utils/Services/DomainMatcherService.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FXM/Utils/Services/ElementMatcherService.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FXM/Utils/Services/ElementPlaceholderService.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FXM/Utils/Services/ItemActionService.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/FXM/Utils/Services/PageMatcherService.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/LaunchPad/chart1.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/LaunchPad/chart2.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/LaunchPad/fallback.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/LaunchPad/LaunchPad.css
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/LaunchPad/LaunchPad.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/LaunchPad/LaunchPad.less
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/LaunchPad/LaunchPad.min.css
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/LaunchPad/Assets/Campaign-Conversions.png
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/LaunchPad/Assets/Value-and-visits.png
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/LaunchPad/Layouts/Renderings/LaunchBar.cshtml
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/LaunchPad/Layouts/Renderings/LaunchTile.cshtml
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/LaunchPad/Layouts/Renderings/LaunchTiles.cshtml
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/LicenseOptions/Assets/img/door_exit.png
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/LicenseOptions/Assets/img/user.png
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/LicenseOptions/Assets/img/users2.png
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/LicenseOptions/Pages/KickUser.css
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/LicenseOptions/Pages/KickUser.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/LicenseOptions/Pages/StartPage.css
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/LicenseOptions/Pages/StartPage.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ListManager/commonListPagesDefinition.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ListManager/commonPagesDefinition.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ListManager/constants.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ListManager/cookieParser.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ListManager/csvValidator.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ListManager/Dialogs.css
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ListManager/dialogs.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ListManager/ImportWizard.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ListManager/listsActoinsManager.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ListManager/RenderRules.ashx
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ListManager/SelectLists.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ListManager/storageMediator.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ListManager/urlParser.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ListManager/Assets/Images/icons.png
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ListManager/ContactList/ContactList.css
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ListManager/ContactList/ContactList.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ListManager/ContactList/ContactListDefinition.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ListManager/Controls/ContactMap/ContactMap.cshtml
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ListManager/Controls/ContactMap/ContactMap.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ListManager/Controls/ImportMapTo/ImportMapTo.cshtml
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ListManager/Controls/ImportMapTo/ImportMapTo.css
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ListManager/Controls/ImportMapTo/ImportMapTo.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ListManager/Controls/ImportMapTo/ImportMapTo.less
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ListManager/Controls/SegmentsView/SegmentsView.css
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ListManager/Controls/SegmentsView/segmentsView.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ListManager/Dashboard/Dashboard.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ListManager/Dashboard/DashboardDefinition.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ListManager/Dialogs/SegmentDialog/segmentDialog.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ListManager/ListsPage/listsPage.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ListManager/Models/ChangeDetectionModel.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ListManager/Models/EntityModel.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ListManager/Models/ListModel.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ListManager/Models/SegmentModel.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ListManager/Navigation/NavigationMenu.css
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ListManager/Navigation/NavigationMenu.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ListManager/Segment/Segment.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ListManager/Segment/SegmentDefinition.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ListManager/SegmentedList/SegmentedList.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ListManager/SegmentPage/segmentsActionsManager.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ListManager/SegmentPage/segmentsPage.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/ListManager/SegmentPage/segmentsPagesDefinition.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/MarketingAutomation/1stleveldependencylicenses.json
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/MarketingAutomation/3rdpartylicenses.txt
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/MarketingAutomation/favicon.ico
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/MarketingAutomation/index.aspx
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/MarketingAutomation/assets/icons/calendar-icon.svg
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/MarketingAutomation/assets/icons/email-ico.png
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/MarketingAutomation/assets/icons/pointer-ico.png
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/MarketingAutomation/packages/ma-core/index.d.ts
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/MarketingAutomation/packages/ma-core/index.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/MarketingAutomation/packages/ma-core/index.js.map
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/MarketingAutomation/packages/ma-core/package.json
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/MarketingAutomation/plugins/README.md
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/MarketingAutomation/plugins/EXM/plugin.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/PathAnalyzer/Common/App.cshtml
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/PathAnalyzer/Common/PageCode.cshtml
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/PathAnalyzer/Common/StringDictionaryDomain.cshtml
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/PathAnalyzer/dist/pageanalyzer.bundle.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/PathAnalyzer/dist/pageanalyzer.css
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/PathAnalyzer/dist/pathexplorer.bundle.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/PathAnalyzer/dist/pathexplorer.css
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/PathAnalyzer/dist/vendor.bundle.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/PathAnalyzer/help/default.aspx
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/PathAnalyzer/help/css/bootstrap.css
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/PathAnalyzer/help/css/bootstrap.css.map
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/PathAnalyzer/help/css/bootstrap.min.css
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/PathAnalyzer/help/css/bootstrap.min.css.map
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/PathAnalyzer/help/css/help.css
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/PathAnalyzer/help/img/glyphicons-halflings.png
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/PathAnalyzer/help/js/bootstrap.min.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/PathAnalyzer/help/js/help.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/PathAnalyzer/help/js/jquery.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/PathAnalyzer/PageAnalyzer/BodyScripts.cshtml
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/PathAnalyzer/PageAnalyzer/img/back_button.png
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/PathAnalyzer/PageAnalyzer/img/back_hover.png
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/PathAnalyzer/PathExplorer/BodyScripts.cshtml
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/UpdateCenter/3rdpartylicenses.txt
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/UpdateCenter/favicon.ico
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/UpdateCenter/index.aspx
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/UpdateCenter/inline.ebec1bdcae0fb0ab03d5.bundle.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/UpdateCenter/main.839e51f56c79c0616631.bundle.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/UpdateCenter/SitecoreIcons.3db10598d1c8d544d235.svg
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/UpdateCenter/SitecoreIcons.b47b22941363d7874da5.ttf
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/UpdateCenter/styles.2993673ba9d3a4872f31.bundle.css
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/UpdateCenter/vendor.17584164c4020d234cc6.bundle.js
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/UpdateCenter/assets/images/close.png
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/UpdateCenter/assets/images/close_w_bg.png
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/UpdateCenter/assets/images/information-1.png
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/UpdateCenter/assets/images/information.png
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/UpdateCenter/assets/images/information_w_bg.png
sitecore/shell/client/Applications/UpdateCenter/assets/images/Sitecore_logo_large.jpg
sitecore/shell/client/Business Component Library/version 2/razorgenerator.directives
sitecore/shell/client/Business Component Library/version 2/Assets/img/Menu/arr1.png
sitecore/shell/client/Business Component Library/version 2/Assets/lib/scSession.js
sitecore/shell/client/Business Component Library/version 2/Assets/lib/scUserProfile.js
sitecore/shell/client/Business Component Library/version 2/Assets/lib/speakExt.js
sitecore/shell/client/Services/Assets/lib/beaconApi.js
sitecore/shell/client/Services/Assets/lib/beaconApi.min.js
sitecore/shell/client/Services/Assets/lib/entityservice.js
sitecore/shell/client/Services/Assets/lib/entityservice.min.js
sitecore/shell/client/Services/Assets/lib/itemservice.js
sitecore/shell/client/Services/Assets/lib/itemservice.min.js
sitecore/shell/client/Services/Assets/lib/requireJsTurnOff.js
sitecore/shell/client/Services/Assets/lib/requireJsTurnOn.js
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ContentTesting/ActiveTestState.js
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ContentTesting/CreatePageTestCommand.js
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ContentTesting/LoadingImage.js
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ContentTesting/ShowActiveTestsCommand.js
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ContentTesting/ShowHistoricalTestsCommand.js
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ContentTesting/ShowPersonalizationCommand.js
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ContentTesting/ShowSuggestedPersonalization.js
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ContentTesting/ShowSuggestedTestsCommand.js
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ContentTesting/ShowTestResultsCommand.js
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ContentTesting/ToggleOptimizationViewCommand.js
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/DOMHelper.js
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/ExperienceEditor.Context.js
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/ExperienceEditor.js
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/Ribbon.css
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/RibbonPageCode.js
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/TranslationUtil.js
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/ValidateFieldsUtil.js
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/web.config
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/Commands/AddComponent.js
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/Commands/AddItemVersion.js
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/Commands/AspNetTrace.js
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/Commands/AssociatedContent.js
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/Commands/ChangeLanguage.js
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/Commands/Close.js
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/Commands/Delete.js
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/Commands/DisplayName.js
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/Commands/DownloadProfile.js
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/Commands/DownloadTrace.js
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/Commands/EnableDesigning.js
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/Commands/EnableEditing.js
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/Commands/EnableFieldsValidation.js
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/Commands/InsertPage.js
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/Commands/LayoutDetails.js
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/Commands/Lock.js
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/Commands/MoreLanguages.js
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/Commands/MovePage.js
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/Commands/MyItems.js
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/Commands/OpenAttributes.js
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/Commands/OpenCompareVersions.js
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/Commands/OpenGoals.js
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/Commands/OpenMarkupValidator.js
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/Commands/OpenPresets.js
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/Commands/OpenResetFields.js
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/Commands/OpenSelectLanguageGallery.js
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/Commands/OpenSelectVersionGallery.js
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/Commands/OpenValidationResults.js
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/Commands/ProfileCards.js
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/Commands/Publish.js
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/Commands/PublishRestrictions.js
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/Commands/RemoveVersions.js
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/Commands/Rename.js
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/Commands/ResetLayout.js
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/Commands/Save.js
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/Commands/SaveProfile.js
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/Commands/SaveTrace.js
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/Commands/Screenshots.js
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/Commands/Search.js
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/Commands/SelectDevice.js
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/Commands/SelectLayout.js
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/Commands/SelectMode.js
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/Commands/SelectProfileCard.js
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/Commands/SelectVersion.js
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/Commands/SetAliases.js
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/Commands/SetDeviceSimulator.js
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/Commands/SetEditMode.js
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/Commands/ShowControlBar.js
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/Commands/ShowControls.js
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/Commands/ShowDataSources.js
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/Commands/ShowDeviceSimulators.js
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/Commands/ShowNavigationBar.js
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/Commands/TagItem.js
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/Commands/ToggleBorders.js
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/Commands/ToggleInformation.js
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/Commands/ToggleProfile.js
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/Commands/ToggleTrace.js
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/Commands/WorkBox.js
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/Dialogs/SelectDate.js
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/Dialogs/SelectDateTime.css
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/Dialogs/SelectDateTime.js
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/Dialogs/Alert/Alert.css
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/Dialogs/Alert/Alert.js
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/Dialogs/Confirm/confirm.css
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/Dialogs/Confirm/Confirm.js
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/Dialogs/ContentUsage/ContentUsage.css
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/Dialogs/InsertPage/InsertPage.css
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/Dialogs/Prompt/Prompt.js
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/PageEditbar/LoadingIndicator.ascx
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/PageEditbar/PageEditBar.cshtml
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/PageEditbar/PageEditBar.css
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/PageEditbar/PageEditBar.js
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/Pipelines/LockItem/LockItem.Lock.js
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/Pipelines/MoveItem/MoveItem.Move.js
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/Pipelines/Save/SaveItem.CheckLinks.js
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/ExperienceEditor/Pipelines/Save/SaveItem.Validators.js
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/Speak/Ribbon/web.config
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/Speak/Ribbon/web.Debug.config
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/Speak/Ribbon/web.Release.config
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/Speak/Ribbon/Assets/Styles/Generated/Dialog.css
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/Speak/Ribbon/Assets/Styles/Generated/Gallery.css
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/Speak/Ribbon/Controls/BreadCrumb/Breadcrumb.cshtml
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/Speak/Ribbon/Controls/BreadCrumb/Breadcrumb.css
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/Speak/Ribbon/Controls/BreadCrumb/Breadcrumb.js
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/Speak/Ribbon/Controls/Chunk/Chunk.cshtml
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/Speak/Ribbon/Controls/Chunk/Chunk.js
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/Speak/Ribbon/Controls/Command/Command.cshtml
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/Speak/Ribbon/Controls/Command/Command.js
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/Speak/Ribbon/Controls/InsertOptions/InsertOptions.css
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/Speak/Ribbon/Controls/InsertOptions/InsertOptions.js
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/Speak/Ribbon/Controls/LargeButton/LargeButton.cshtml
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/Speak/Ribbon/Controls/LargeButton/LargeButton.js
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/Speak/Ribbon/Controls/Panel/Panel.cshtml
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/Speak/Ribbon/Controls/Panel/Panel.css
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/Speak/Ribbon/Controls/Panel/Panel.js
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/Speak/Ribbon/Controls/QuickBar/QuickBar.cshtml
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/Speak/Ribbon/Controls/QuickBar/QuickBar.css
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/Speak/Ribbon/Controls/QuickBar/QuickBar.js
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/Speak/Ribbon/Controls/QuickbarButton/QuickbarButton.js
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/Speak/Ribbon/Controls/Ribbon/Ribbon.cshtml
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/Speak/Ribbon/Controls/Ribbon/Ribbon.js
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/Speak/Ribbon/Controls/SmallButton/SmallButton.cshtml
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/Speak/Ribbon/Controls/SmallButton/SmallButton.js
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/Speak/Ribbon/Controls/Strip/Strip.cshtml
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/Speak/Ribbon/Controls/Strip/Strip.css
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/Speak/Ribbon/Controls/Strip/Strip.js
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/Speak/Ribbon/Galleries/GalleryStyle.css
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/Speak/Ribbon/Galleries/GalleryUtil.js
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/Speak/Ribbon/Galleries/SetGalleryHeight.js
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/Speak/Ribbon/Galleries/Components/GalleryOption.css
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/Speak/Ribbon/Galleries/Components/GalleryOption.js
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/Speak/Ribbon/Galleries/Versions/SelectVersionGallery.js
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/Speak/Ribbon/Panels/TestStatusPanel.css
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/Speak/Ribbon/Panels/PreviewDatePanel/ChangeDayLink.js
sitecore/shell/client/Sitecore/Speak/Ribbon/Panels/PreviewDatePanel/DateAndTime.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/css/speak-default-theme.css
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/css/Dialogs/dialogs.css
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/css/Templates/Applications/dashboard.css
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/css/Templates/Dialogs/listpage.css
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/glyphicons-halflings-white.png
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/glyphicons-halflings.png
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/loading.gif
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/logo.png
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/nav.png
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/sc-dyna-tree.gif
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/sc-speak-logo.gif
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/sc-spinner16.gif
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/sc-sprite-arrows-white.png
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/sc-sprite-arrows.png
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/sc-sprite-structure.png
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/sc-sprite-white.png
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/sc-sprite.png
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/sc-sprite.txt
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/speak-logo.png
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/table-sep.gif
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/unknown_icon_32.png
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Charting/arrow-left.png
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Charting/arrow-right.png
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Charting/double-arrow-left.png
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Charting/double-arrow-right.png
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/AccountInformation/default_user_image.png
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/BackButton/back_button.png
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/Common/loading.gif
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/Common/16x16/dark_gray/close.png
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/Common/16x16/dark_gray/navigate_close.png
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/Common/16x16/dark_gray/navigate_down.png
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/Common/16x16/dark_gray/navigate_left.png
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/Common/16x16/dark_gray/navigate_open.png
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/Common/16x16/dark_gray/navigate_right.png
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/Common/16x16/dark_gray/navigate_up.png
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/Common/16x16/dark_gray/search.png
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/Common/16x16/dark_gray/separator.png
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/Common/16x16/dark_gray/star.png
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/Common/16x16/dark_gray/star2.png
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/Common/16x16/light_gray/navigate_down.png
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/Common/16x16/white/close.png
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/Common/16x16/white/navigate_close.png
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/Common/16x16/white/navigate_down.png
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/Common/16x16/white/navigate_left.png
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/Common/16x16/white/navigate_open.png
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/Common/16x16/white/navigate_right.png
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/Common/16x16/white/navigate_up.png
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/Common/16x16/white/separator.png
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/Common/24x24/dark_gray/navigate_close.png
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/Common/24x24/dark_gray/navigate_down.png
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/Common/24x24/dark_gray/navigate_left.png
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/Common/24x24/dark_gray/navigate_open.png
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/Common/24x24/dark_gray/navigate_right.png
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/Common/24x24/dark_gray/navigate_up.png
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/Common/24x24/white/navigate_close.png
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/Common/24x24/white/navigate_down.png
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/Common/24x24/white/navigate_left.png
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/Common/24x24/white/navigate_open.png
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/Common/24x24/white/navigate_right.png
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/Common/24x24/white/navigate_up.png
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/Common/32x32/dark_gray/document_empty.png
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/Common/32x32/dark_gray/navigate_close.png
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/Common/32x32/dark_gray/navigate_down.png
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/Common/32x32/dark_gray/navigate_left.png
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/Common/32x32/dark_gray/navigate_open.png
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/Common/32x32/dark_gray/navigate_right.png
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/Common/32x32/dark_gray/navigate_up.png
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/Common/32x32/white/navigate_close.png
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/Common/32x32/white/navigate_down.png
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/Common/32x32/white/navigate_left.png
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/Common/32x32/white/navigate_open.png
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/Common/32x32/white/navigate_right.png
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/Common/32x32/white/navigate_up.png
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/Common/mCustomScrollBar/mCSB_buttons.png
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/DatePicker/date_picker_arrows.png
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/DatePicker/date_picker_bg.png
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/DialogWindow/close_button_sprite.png
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/GlobalLogo/global_logo.png
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/Layouts/breadcrumb_red_bg.png
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/Layouts/logo_spiral.png
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/Layouts/menu-bg.png
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/Menu/arr1.png
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/Menu/menu_highlighted.png
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/Menu/menu_selectedarrow.png
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/Menu/menu_toplevel.png
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/MessageBar/sc-message-bar-icons.png
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/ProgressIndicator/ajax-loader.gif
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/ProgressIndicator/bg_overlay.png
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/ProgressIndicator/sc-spinner16.gif
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/ProgressIndicator/sc-spinner32.gif
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/SmartPanel/close_button_sprite.png
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/TabControl/arrow_black_blacktoblack.png
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/TabControl/arrow_black_blacktowhite.png
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/TabControl/arrow_black_whitetoblack.png
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/TabControl/arrow_black_whitetowhite.png
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/TabControl/arrow_hover_blacktogrey.png
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/TabControl/arrow_hover_greytoblack.png
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/TabControl/arrow_hover_greytowhite.png
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/TabControl/arrow_hover_whitetogrey.png
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/TabControl/arrow_white_blacktowhite.png
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/TabControl/arrow_white_whitetoblack.png
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/TabControl/TabArrow.png
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/TabControl/TabArrowSelected.png
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/TabControl/TabArrowSelectedNext.png
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/Timeline/campaign.png
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/Timeline/channel.png
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/Timeline/computer.png
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/Timeline/contact.png
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/Timeline/goal.png
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/Timeline/like.png
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/Timeline/location.png
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/Timeline/multi-device.png
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/Timeline/newsletter.png
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/Timeline/phone.png
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/Timeline/tablet.png
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/Timeline/time.png
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/TimePicker/date_picker_bg.png
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/TimePicker/time_picker_bg.png
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/TreeView/sc-dyna-tree.gif
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/img/Speak/Uploader/upload_file_icon.png
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/gulpfile.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/package.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/core/1.1/main.bundled.min.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/core/1.1/main.cdn.min.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/core/1.1/main.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/core/1.1/main.min.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/core/1.1/sitecore-1.0.2.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/core/1.1/sitecore-1.0.2.min.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/core/1.1/sitecore-1.0.2.packed.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/core/1.1/sitecore-1.0.2.packed.min.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/core/1.1/deps/css.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/core/1.1/deps/jstorage.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/core/1.1/deps/require.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/core/1.1/deps/backbone/backbone.1.0.0.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/core/1.1/deps/backbone/backbone.1.0.0.min.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/core/1.1/deps/jQuery/jquery-2.1.1.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/core/1.1/deps/jQuery/jquery-2.1.1.min.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/core/1.1/deps/ko/knockout-2.2.1.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/core/1.1/deps/ko/knockout-2.2.1.min.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/core/1.1/deps/underscore/underscore.1.4.4.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/core/2.0/globalize.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/core/2.0/main-2.0.bundled.min.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/core/2.0/main-2.0.cdn.min.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/core/2.0/main-2.0.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/core/2.0/main-2.0.min.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/core/2.0/mock.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/core/2.0/sitecore.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/core/2.0/sitecore.min.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/core/2.0/sitecore.packed.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/core/2.0/sitecore.packed.min.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/core/2.0/SitecoreSpeak.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/core/2.0/speak-require-config-2.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/core/2.0/deps/css.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/core/2.0/deps/handlebars.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/core/2.0/deps/handlebars.min.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/core/2.0/deps/performance.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/core/2.0/deps/require.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/core/2.0/deps/require.min.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/core/2.0/deps/scBindingPlugin.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/core/2.0/deps/scBindingPlugin.min.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/core/2.0/deps/scSpeakPresenter.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/core/2.0/deps/scSpeakPresenter.min.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/core/vendor/q.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/extensions/validators/readme.txt
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/cs/ca-buddhist.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/cs/ca-chinese.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/cs/ca-coptic.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/cs/ca-dangi.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/cs/ca-ethiopic-amete-alem.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/cs/ca-ethiopic.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/cs/ca-generic.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/cs/ca-gregorian.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/cs/ca-hebrew.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/cs/ca-indian.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/cs/ca-islamic-civil.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/cs/ca-islamic-rgsa.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/cs/ca-islamic-tbla.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/cs/ca-islamic-umalqura.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/cs/ca-islamic.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/cs/ca-japanese.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/cs/ca-persian.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/cs/ca-roc.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/cs/characters.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/cs/contextTransforms.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/cs/currencies.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/cs/dateFields.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/cs/delimiters.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/cs/languages.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/cs/layout.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/cs/listPatterns.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/cs/localeDisplayNames.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/cs/measurementSystemNames.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/cs/numbers.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/cs/posix.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/cs/scripts.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/cs/territories.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/cs/timeZoneNames.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/cs/transformNames.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/cs/units.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/cs/variants.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/da/ca-buddhist.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/da/ca-chinese.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/da/ca-coptic.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/da/ca-dangi.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/da/ca-ethiopic-amete-alem.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/da/ca-ethiopic.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/da/ca-generic.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/da/ca-gregorian.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/da/ca-hebrew.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/da/ca-indian.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/da/ca-islamic-civil.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/da/ca-islamic-rgsa.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/da/ca-islamic-tbla.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/da/ca-islamic-umalqura.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/da/ca-islamic.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/da/ca-japanese.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/da/ca-persian.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/da/ca-roc.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/da/characters.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/da/contextTransforms.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/da/currencies.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/da/dateFields.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/da/delimiters.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/da/languages.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/da/layout.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/da/listPatterns.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/da/localeDisplayNames.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/da/measurementSystemNames.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/da/numbers.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/da/posix.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/da/scripts.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/da/territories.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/da/timeZoneNames.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/da/transformNames.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/da/units.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/da/variants.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/de/ca-buddhist.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/de/ca-chinese.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/de/ca-coptic.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/de/ca-dangi.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/de/ca-ethiopic-amete-alem.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/de/ca-ethiopic.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/de/ca-generic.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/de/ca-gregorian.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/de/ca-hebrew.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/de/ca-indian.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/de/ca-islamic-civil.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/de/ca-islamic-rgsa.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/de/ca-islamic-tbla.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/de/ca-islamic-umalqura.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/de/ca-islamic.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/de/ca-japanese.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/de/ca-persian.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/de/ca-roc.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/de/characters.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/de/currencies.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/de/dateFields.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/de/delimiters.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/de/languages.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/de/layout.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/de/listPatterns.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/de/localeDisplayNames.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/de/measurementSystemNames.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/de/numbers.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/de/posix.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/de/scripts.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/de/territories.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/de/timeZoneNames.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/de/transformNames.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/de/units.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/de/variants.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/en/ca-buddhist.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/en/ca-chinese.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/en/ca-coptic.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/en/ca-dangi.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/en/ca-ethiopic-amete-alem.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/en/ca-ethiopic.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/en/ca-generic.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/en/ca-gregorian.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/en/ca-hebrew.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/en/ca-indian.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/en/ca-islamic-civil.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/en/ca-islamic-rgsa.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/en/ca-islamic-tbla.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/en/ca-islamic-umalqura.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/en/ca-islamic.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/en/ca-japanese.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/en/ca-persian.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/en/ca-roc.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/en/characters.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/en/contextTransforms.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/en/currencies.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/en/dateFields.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/en/delimiters.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/en/languages.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/en/layout.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/en/listPatterns.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/en/localeDisplayNames.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/en/measurementSystemNames.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/en/numbers.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/en/posix.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/en/scripts.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/en/territories.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/en/timeZoneNames.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/en/transformNames.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/en/units.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/en/variants.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/fr/ca-buddhist.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/fr/ca-chinese.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/fr/ca-coptic.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/fr/ca-dangi.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/fr/ca-ethiopic-amete-alem.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/fr/ca-ethiopic.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/fr/ca-generic.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/fr/ca-gregorian.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/fr/ca-hebrew.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/fr/ca-indian.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/fr/ca-islamic-civil.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/fr/ca-islamic-rgsa.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/fr/ca-islamic-tbla.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/fr/ca-islamic-umalqura.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/fr/ca-islamic.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/fr/ca-japanese.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/fr/ca-persian.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/fr/ca-roc.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/fr/characters.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/fr/contextTransforms.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/fr/currencies.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/fr/dateFields.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/fr/delimiters.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/fr/languages.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/fr/layout.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/fr/listPatterns.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/fr/localeDisplayNames.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/fr/measurementSystemNames.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/fr/numbers.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/fr/posix.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/fr/scripts.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/fr/territories.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/fr/timeZoneNames.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/fr/transformNames.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/fr/units.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/fr/variants.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/hu/ca-buddhist.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/hu/ca-chinese.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/hu/ca-coptic.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/hu/ca-dangi.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/hu/ca-ethiopic-amete-alem.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/hu/ca-ethiopic.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/hu/ca-generic.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/hu/ca-gregorian.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/hu/ca-hebrew.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/hu/ca-indian.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/hu/ca-islamic-civil.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/hu/ca-islamic-rgsa.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/hu/ca-islamic-tbla.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/hu/ca-islamic-umalqura.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/hu/ca-islamic.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/hu/ca-japanese.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/hu/ca-persian.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/hu/ca-roc.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/hu/characters.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/hu/currencies.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/hu/dateFields.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/hu/delimiters.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/hu/languages.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/hu/layout.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/hu/listPatterns.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/hu/localeDisplayNames.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/hu/measurementSystemNames.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/hu/numbers.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/hu/posix.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/hu/scripts.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/hu/territories.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/hu/timeZoneNames.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/hu/transformNames.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/hu/units.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/hu/variants.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/ja/ca-buddhist.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/ja/ca-chinese.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/ja/ca-coptic.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/ja/ca-dangi.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/ja/ca-ethiopic-amete-alem.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/ja/ca-ethiopic.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/ja/ca-generic.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/ja/ca-gregorian.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/ja/ca-hebrew.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/ja/ca-indian.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/ja/ca-islamic-civil.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/ja/ca-islamic-rgsa.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/ja/ca-islamic-tbla.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/ja/ca-islamic-umalqura.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/ja/ca-islamic.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/ja/ca-japanese.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/ja/ca-persian.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/ja/ca-roc.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/ja/characters.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/ja/currencies.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/ja/dateFields.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/ja/delimiters.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/ja/languages.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/ja/layout.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/ja/listPatterns.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/ja/localeDisplayNames.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/ja/measurementSystemNames.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/ja/numbers.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/ja/posix.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/ja/scripts.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/ja/territories.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/ja/timeZoneNames.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/ja/transformNames.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/ja/units.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/ja/variants.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/nb/ca-buddhist.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/nb/ca-chinese.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/nb/ca-coptic.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/nb/ca-dangi.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/nb/ca-ethiopic-amete-alem.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/nb/ca-ethiopic.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/nb/ca-generic.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/nb/ca-gregorian.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/nb/ca-hebrew.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/nb/ca-indian.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/nb/ca-islamic-civil.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/nb/ca-islamic-rgsa.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/nb/ca-islamic-tbla.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/nb/ca-islamic-umalqura.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/nb/ca-islamic.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/nb/ca-japanese.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/nb/ca-persian.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/nb/ca-roc.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/nb/characters.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/nb/contextTransforms.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/nb/currencies.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/nb/dateFields.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/nb/delimiters.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/nb/languages.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/nb/layout.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/nb/listPatterns.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/nb/localeDisplayNames.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/nb/measurementSystemNames.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/nb/numbers.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/nb/posix.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/nb/scripts.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/nb/territories.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/nb/timeZoneNames.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/nb/transformNames.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/nb/units.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/nb/variants.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/nl/ca-buddhist.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/nl/ca-chinese.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/nl/ca-coptic.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/nl/ca-dangi.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/nl/ca-ethiopic-amete-alem.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/nl/ca-ethiopic.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/nl/ca-generic.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/nl/ca-gregorian.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/nl/ca-hebrew.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/nl/ca-indian.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/nl/ca-islamic-civil.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/nl/ca-islamic-rgsa.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/nl/ca-islamic-tbla.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/nl/ca-islamic-umalqura.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/nl/ca-islamic.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/nl/ca-japanese.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/nl/ca-persian.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/nl/ca-roc.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/nl/characters.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/nl/contextTransforms.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/nl/currencies.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/nl/dateFields.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/nl/delimiters.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/nl/languages.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/nl/layout.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/nl/listPatterns.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/nl/localeDisplayNames.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/nl/measurementSystemNames.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/nl/numbers.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/nl/posix.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/nl/scripts.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/nl/territories.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/nl/timeZoneNames.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/nl/transformNames.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/nl/units.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/nl/variants.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/ru/ca-buddhist.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/ru/ca-chinese.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/ru/ca-coptic.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/ru/ca-dangi.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/ru/ca-ethiopic-amete-alem.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/ru/ca-ethiopic.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/ru/ca-generic.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/ru/ca-gregorian.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/ru/ca-hebrew.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/ru/ca-indian.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/ru/ca-islamic-civil.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/ru/ca-islamic-rgsa.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/ru/ca-islamic-tbla.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/ru/ca-islamic-umalqura.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/ru/ca-islamic.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/ru/ca-japanese.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/ru/ca-persian.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/ru/ca-roc.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/ru/characters.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/ru/contextTransforms.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/ru/currencies.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/ru/dateFields.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/ru/delimiters.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/ru/languages.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/ru/layout.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/ru/listPatterns.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/ru/localeDisplayNames.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/ru/measurementSystemNames.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/ru/numbers.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/ru/posix.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/ru/scripts.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/ru/territories.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/ru/timeZoneNames.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/ru/transformNames.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/ru/units.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/ru/variants.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/sv/ca-buddhist.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/sv/ca-chinese.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/sv/ca-coptic.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/sv/ca-dangi.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/sv/ca-ethiopic-amete-alem.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/sv/ca-ethiopic.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/sv/ca-generic.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/sv/ca-gregorian.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/sv/ca-hebrew.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/sv/ca-indian.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/sv/ca-islamic-civil.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/sv/ca-islamic-rgsa.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/sv/ca-islamic-tbla.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/sv/ca-islamic-umalqura.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/sv/ca-islamic.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/sv/ca-japanese.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/sv/ca-persian.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/sv/ca-roc.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/sv/characters.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/sv/contextTransforms.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/sv/currencies.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/sv/dateFields.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/sv/delimiters.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/sv/languages.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/sv/layout.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/sv/listPatterns.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/sv/localeDisplayNames.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/sv/measurementSystemNames.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/sv/numbers.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/sv/posix.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/sv/scripts.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/sv/territories.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/sv/timeZoneNames.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/sv/transformNames.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/sv/units.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/sv/variants.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/zh/ca-buddhist.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/zh/ca-chinese.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/zh/ca-coptic.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/zh/ca-dangi.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/zh/ca-ethiopic-amete-alem.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/zh/ca-ethiopic.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/zh/ca-generic.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/zh/ca-gregorian.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/zh/ca-hebrew.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/zh/ca-indian.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/zh/ca-islamic-civil.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/zh/ca-islamic-rgsa.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/zh/ca-islamic-tbla.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/zh/ca-islamic-umalqura.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/zh/ca-islamic.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/zh/ca-japanese.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/zh/ca-persian.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/zh/ca-roc.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/zh/characters.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/zh/currencies.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/zh/dateFields.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/zh/delimiters.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/zh/languages.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/zh/layout.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/zh/listPatterns.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/zh/localeDisplayNames.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/zh/measurementSystemNames.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/zh/numbers.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/zh/posix.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/zh/scripts.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/zh/territories.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/zh/timeZoneNames.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/zh/transformNames.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/zh/units.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/main/zh/variants.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/segments/de/suppressions.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/segments/el/suppressions.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/segments/en/suppressions.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/segments/es/suppressions.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/segments/fi/suppressions.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/segments/fr/suppressions.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/segments/it/suppressions.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/segments/ja/suppressions.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/segments/pt/suppressions.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/segments/root/suppressions.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/segments/ru/suppressions.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/segments/zh/suppressions.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/segments/zh-Hant/suppressions.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/supplemental/aliases.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/supplemental/calendarData.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/supplemental/characterFallbacks.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/supplemental/codeMappings.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/supplemental/currencyData.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/supplemental/gender.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/supplemental/languageData.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/supplemental/languageMatching.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/supplemental/likelySubtags.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/supplemental/measurementData.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/supplemental/metaZones.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/supplemental/numberingSystems.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/supplemental/ordinals.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/supplemental/parentLocales.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/supplemental/plurals.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/supplemental/primaryZones.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/supplemental/references.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/supplemental/telephoneCodeData.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/supplemental/territoryInfo.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/supplemental/timeData.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/supplemental/weekData.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/globalize/supplemental/windowsZones.json
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/ui/1.1/bootstrap.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/ui/1.1/dialog.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/ui/1.1/userProfile.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/ui/1.1/behaviors/CheboxColumn.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/ui/1.1/behaviors/EndlessPageScroll.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/ui/1.1/behaviors/FixedFloatingContainer.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/ui/1.1/behaviors/FixedTable.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/ui/1.1/behaviors/MultiSelectList.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/ui/1.1/behaviors/Resizable.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/ui/1.1/behaviors/Scroll.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/ui/1.1/behaviors/ScrollBar.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/ui/1.1/behaviors/SortingRows.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/ui/1.1/behaviors/Tooltip.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/ui/1.1/deps/bootstrap/js/bootstrap.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/ui/1.1/deps/bootstrap/js/bootstrap.min.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/ui/1.1/deps/bootstrapModal/bootstrap-modal.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/ui/1.1/deps/BootstrapSlider/bootstrap-slider.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/ui/1.1/deps/D3/d3.min.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/ui/1.1/deps/DynaTree/jquery.dynatree-1.2.4.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/ui/1.1/deps/DynaTree/jquery.dynatree.min.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/ui/1.1/deps/DynaTree/skin-vista/ui.dynatree.css
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/ui/1.1/deps/elastislide/jquery.elastislide.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/ui/1.1/deps/FusionCharts/Data.xml
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/ui/1.1/deps/FusionCharts/firebug-lite.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/ui/1.1/deps/FusionCharts/FusionCharts.HC.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/ui/1.1/deps/FusionCharts/FusionCharts.HC.uae.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/ui/1.1/deps/FusionCharts/FusionCharts.HC.uk.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/ui/1.1/deps/FusionCharts/FusionCharts.HC.uk7.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/ui/1.1/deps/FusionCharts/FusionCharts.HC.usa.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/ui/1.1/deps/FusionCharts/FusionCharts.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/ui/1.1/deps/FusionCharts/FusionMaps.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/ui/1.1/deps/hammer/hammer.min.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/ui/1.1/deps/hammer/jquery.hammer.min.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/ui/1.1/deps/JQuery.FileDrop/jquery.filedrop.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/ui/1.1/deps/jquerypp/jquerypp.custom.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/ui/1.1/deps/jQueryUI/jquery-ui-1.10.1.custom.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/ui/1.1/deps/jQueryUI/jquery-ui-1.10.1.min.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/ui/1.1/deps/jQueryUI/jquery-ui-1.11.4.custom.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/ui/1.1/deps/modernizr/modernizr.custom.17475.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/ui/1.1/deps/moment/moment.min.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/ui/1.1/deps/NVD3/nv.d3.min.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/ui/1.1/deps/NVD3/nvd3Speak.css
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/ui/1.1/deps/select2/select2.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/ui/1.1/deps/select2/select2.min.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/ui/1.1/deps/timeline/timeline.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/ui/2.0/scKoPresenter.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/ui/2.0/scKoPresenter.min.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/ui/2.0/scPipeline.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/ui/2.0/scPipeline.min.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/ui/2.0/scSpeakObservableArray.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/ui/2.0/scSpeakObservableArray.min.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/ui/2.0/deps/backbone.1.1.1.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/ui/2.0/deps/backbone.1.1.1.min.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/ui/2.0/deps/bootstrap.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/ui/2.0/deps/bootstrap.min.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/ui/2.0/deps/jquery-2.1.1.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/ui/2.0/deps/jquery-2.1.1.min.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/ui/2.0/deps/knockout-3.0.0.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/ui/2.0/deps/knockout-3.0.0.min.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/ui/2.0/deps/underscore.1.6.0.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/ui/2.0/deps/underscore.1.6.0.min.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/ui/behaviors/CheboxColumn.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/ui/behaviors/FixedFloatingContainer.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/ui/behaviors/FixedTable.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/ui/behaviors/MultiSelectList.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/ui/behaviors/Resizable.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/ui/behaviors/Scroll.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/ui/behaviors/ScrollBar.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/ui/behaviors/SortingRows.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Assets/lib/ui/behaviors/Tooltip.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Layouts/Renderings/Data/DataProviders/BaseDataProvider.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Layouts/Renderings/Data/DataProviders/ChartDataProvider.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Layouts/Renderings/Resources/Pipelines/Pipeline.js
sitecore/shell/client/Speak/Layouts/Renderings/Resources/Rules/Rule.js
sitecore/shell/Configuration/directive.properties
sitecore/shell/Configuration/nvelocity.properties
sitecore/shell/Controls/Browser.js
sitecore/shell/Controls/ComponentArtGrid.js
sitecore/shell/Controls/Error.htm
sitecore/shell/Controls/JqueryModalDialogs.html
sitecore/shell/Controls/Reload.htm
sitecore/shell/Controls/Sitecore.js
sitecore/shell/Controls/Sitecore.Runtime.js
sitecore/shell/Controls/SitecoreHSplitter.js
sitecore/shell/Controls/SitecoreHtmlEditor.js
sitecore/shell/Controls/SitecoreKeyboard.js
sitecore/shell/Controls/SitecoreLightbox.js
sitecore/shell/Controls/SitecoreModalWindow.js
sitecore/shell/Controls/SitecoreObjects.js
sitecore/shell/Controls/SitecoreOutOfFrameGallery.js
sitecore/shell/Controls/SitecoreSidebar.js
sitecore/shell/Controls/SitecoreTreeview.js
sitecore/shell/Controls/SitecoreVSplitter.js
sitecore/shell/Controls/SitecoreWindow.js
sitecore/shell/Controls/SitecoreWindowManager.js
sitecore/shell/Controls/SitecoreWizard.js
sitecore/shell/Controls/Text.htm
sitecore/shell/Controls/Applications/Application.xml
sitecore/shell/Controls/Applications/Global Keys.xml
sitecore/shell/Controls/BucketList/BucketList.css
sitecore/shell/Controls/BucketList/BucketList.js
sitecore/shell/Controls/Carousel/Carousel.xml
sitecore/shell/Controls/CollapsiblePanel/CollapsiblePanel.css
sitecore/shell/Controls/CollapsiblePanel/CollapsiblePanel.js
sitecore/shell/Controls/Commandbars/Command drop down.xml
sitecore/shell/Controls/Commandbars/Command.xml
sitecore/shell/Controls/Commandbars/Commandbar.xml
sitecore/shell/Controls/CommandPortal/Command portal.xml
sitecore/shell/Controls/CommandPortal/Command portlet command disabled.xml
sitecore/shell/Controls/CommandPortal/Command portlet command drop down.xml
sitecore/shell/Controls/CommandPortal/Command portlet command.xml
sitecore/shell/Controls/CommandPortal/Command portlet window.xml
sitecore/shell/Controls/CommandPortal/Portlets/Commands/Commands portlet.xml
sitecore/shell/Controls/CommandPortal/Portlets/Commands help/Commands help.xml
sitecore/shell/Controls/CommandPortal/Portlets/Commands info/Commands info.xml
sitecore/shell/Controls/Data/TemplateDataContext.xml
sitecore/shell/Controls/DatasourceExamples/DatasourceExamples.css
sitecore/shell/Controls/Dialogs/ButtonCancel.xml
sitecore/shell/Controls/Dialogs/ButtonOK.xml
sitecore/shell/Controls/Dialogs/Dialog.xml
sitecore/shell/Controls/Dialogs/FormDialog.xml
sitecore/shell/Controls/Dialogs/OKCancelButtons.xml
sitecore/shell/Controls/Dialogs/WebPanel.xml
sitecore/shell/Controls/Dialogs/WizardForm.xml
sitecore/shell/Controls/Dialogs/WizardFormFirstPage.xml
sitecore/shell/Controls/Dialogs/WizardFormIndent.xml
sitecore/shell/Controls/Dialogs/WizardFormLastPage.xml
sitecore/shell/Controls/Dialogs/WizardFormPadding.xml
sitecore/shell/Controls/Dialogs/WizardFormPage.xml
sitecore/shell/Controls/Dialogs/WizardFormProgressPage.xml
sitecore/shell/Controls/GlobalHeader/GlobalHeader.xml
sitecore/shell/Controls/InformationBar/InformationBar.xml
sitecore/shell/Controls/Lib/Base/Base.js
sitecore/shell/Controls/Lib/Chosen/chosen-sprite.png
sitecore/shell/Controls/Lib/Chosen/chosen.css
sitecore/shell/Controls/Lib/Chosen/chosen.jquery.js
sitecore/shell/Controls/Lib/Chosen/chosen.jquery.min.js
sitecore/shell/Controls/Lib/Chosen/chosen.proto.js
sitecore/shell/Controls/Lib/Chosen/chosen.proto.min.js
sitecore/shell/Controls/Lib/Console/ConsoleStub.js
sitecore/shell/Controls/Lib/Flexie/flex.css
sitecore/shell/Controls/Lib/Flexie/flexie.min.js
sitecore/shell/Controls/Lib/iso8601/iso8601.js
sitecore/shell/Controls/Lib/iso8601/iso8601.min.js
sitecore/shell/Controls/Lib/jQuery/jquery-1.10.0.min.js
sitecore/shell/Controls/Lib/jQuery/jquery-1.10.2.min.js
sitecore/shell/Controls/Lib/jQuery/jquery-1.12.4.min.js
sitecore/shell/Controls/Lib/jQuery/jquery-1.6.4.min.js
sitecore/shell/Controls/Lib/jQuery/jquery-ui.min.js
sitecore/shell/Controls/Lib/jQuery/jquery.dialogextended-2.0.3.js
sitecore/shell/Controls/Lib/jQuery/jquery.js
sitecore/shell/Controls/Lib/jQuery/jquery.mousewheel.js
sitecore/shell/Controls/Lib/jQuery/jquery.noconflict.js
sitecore/shell/Controls/Lib/jQuery/jquery.noconflict.strict.js
sitecore/shell/Controls/Lib/jQuery/jquery.scextensions.js
sitecore/shell/Controls/Lib/jQuery/jquery.tablesorter.extras-0.1.22.js
sitecore/shell/Controls/Lib/jQuery/jquery.tmpl.min.js
sitecore/shell/Controls/Lib/jQuery/jquery.watermark.custom.js
sitecore/shell/Controls/Lib/jQuery/jquery.watermark.js
sitecore/shell/Controls/Lib/jQuery/tablesorter.js
sitecore/shell/Controls/Lib/jQuery/tablesorter.scrollable.js
sitecore/shell/Controls/Lib/jQuery/jquery-splitter/jquery-splitter.js
sitecore/shell/Controls/Lib/jQuery/jQueryUI/1.10.3/jquery-ui-1.10.3.min.js
sitecore/shell/Controls/Lib/jQuery/jQueryUI/1.10.3/smoothness/jquery-ui-1.10.3.min.css
sitecore/shell/Controls/Lib/jQuery/jQueryUI/1.9.2/jquery-ui.min.js
sitecore/shell/Controls/Lib/jQuery/jQueryUI/1.9.2/smoothness/jquery-ui.css
sitecore/shell/Controls/Lib/jQuery/jQueryUI/1.9.2/smoothness/jquery.ui.theme.css
sitecore/shell/Controls/Lib/jQuery/jScrollPane/jquery.jscrollpane.css
sitecore/shell/Controls/Lib/jQuery/jScrollPane/jquery.jscrollpane.js
sitecore/shell/Controls/Lib/jQuery/PipelinesProfiling/jquery.qtip.custom.pipelines.js
sitecore/shell/Controls/Lib/jsnlog/jsnlog.js
sitecore/shell/Controls/Lib/jsnlog/jsnlog.min.js
sitecore/shell/Controls/Lib/jsnlog/jsnlog.min.js.map
sitecore/shell/Controls/Lib/JSON/JSON2.min.js
sitecore/shell/Controls/Lib/Modernizr/Modernizr.js
sitecore/shell/Controls/Lib/Prototype/prototype.js
sitecore/shell/Controls/Lib/QUnit/qunit.css
sitecore/shell/Controls/Lib/QUnit/qunit.js
sitecore/shell/Controls/Lib/Scriptaculous/builder.js
sitecore/shell/Controls/Lib/Scriptaculous/controls.js
sitecore/shell/Controls/Lib/Scriptaculous/dragdrop.js
sitecore/shell/Controls/Lib/Scriptaculous/effects.js
sitecore/shell/Controls/Lib/Scriptaculous/scriptaculous.js
sitecore/shell/Controls/Lib/Scriptaculous/slider.js
sitecore/shell/Controls/Lib/Scriptaculous/sound.js
sitecore/shell/Controls/Lib/Scriptaculous/unittest.js
sitecore/shell/Controls/Lib/YUIupload/uploader/yui-uploader-min.js
sitecore/shell/Controls/Lib/YUIupload/uploader/assets/uploader.swf
sitecore/shell/Controls/Listviews/ListviewViewsMenuItem.xml
sitecore/shell/Controls/Listviews/ListviewViewsMenuItems.xml
sitecore/shell/Controls/MDI/MDI tab.xml
sitecore/shell/Controls/MDI/MDI.xml
sitecore/shell/Controls/Misc/If.xml
sitecore/shell/Controls/Misc/SpotBox.xml
sitecore/shell/Controls/MultiRootTreeview/MultiRootTreeview.js
sitecore/shell/Controls/Panes/HiddenPane.xml
sitecore/shell/Controls/Panes/Pane.xml
sitecore/shell/Controls/Portal/Default portlet window.xml
sitecore/shell/Controls/Portal/Portal configurator detail.xml
sitecore/shell/Controls/Portal/Portal configurator.xml
sitecore/shell/Controls/Portal/Portal sidebar.xml
sitecore/shell/Controls/Portal/Portal toolbutton.xml
sitecore/shell/Controls/Portal/Portlet item link.xml
sitecore/shell/Controls/Portal/Portlet selector.xml
sitecore/shell/Controls/Portal/Portlet window.xml
sitecore/shell/Controls/Portal/Sidebar portlet window.xml
sitecore/shell/Controls/Rich Text Editor/Default.aspx
sitecore/shell/Controls/Rich Text Editor/Editor.css
sitecore/shell/Controls/Rich Text Editor/EditorContentArea_RTL.css
sitecore/shell/Controls/Rich Text Editor/EditorPage.aspx
sitecore/shell/Controls/Rich Text Editor/EditorPage.js
sitecore/shell/Controls/Rich Text Editor/EditorWindow.aspx
sitecore/shell/Controls/Rich Text Editor/Preview.aspx
sitecore/shell/Controls/Rich Text Editor/RichText Commands.js
sitecore/shell/Controls/Rich Text Editor/RichText.js
sitecore/shell/Controls/Rich Text Editor/RTEfixes.js
sitecore/shell/Controls/Rich Text Editor/ToolsFile.xml
sitecore/shell/Controls/Rich Text Editor/Dictionaries/de-DE.tdf
sitecore/shell/Controls/Rich Text Editor/Dictionaries/en-US.tdf
sitecore/shell/Controls/Rich Text Editor/Dictionaries/fr-FR.tdf
sitecore/shell/Controls/Rich Text Editor/InsertImage/InsertImage.js
sitecore/shell/Controls/Rich Text Editor/InsertImage/InsertImage.xml
sitecore/shell/Controls/Rich Text Editor/InsertLink/InsertLink.js
sitecore/shell/Controls/Rich Text Editor/InsertLink/InsertLink.xml
sitecore/shell/Controls/Rich Text Editor/Localization/RadEditor.Dialogs.da.resx
sitecore/shell/Controls/Rich Text Editor/Localization/RadEditor.Dialogs.de.resx
sitecore/shell/Controls/Rich Text Editor/Localization/RadEditor.Dialogs.ja-JP.resx
sitecore/shell/Controls/Rich Text Editor/Localization/RadEditor.Dialogs.resx
sitecore/shell/Controls/Rich Text Editor/Localization/RadEditor.Main.da.resx
sitecore/shell/Controls/Rich Text Editor/Localization/RadEditor.Main.de.resx
sitecore/shell/Controls/Rich Text Editor/Localization/RadEditor.Main.ja-JP.resx
sitecore/shell/Controls/Rich Text Editor/Localization/RadEditor.Main.resx
sitecore/shell/Controls/Rich Text Editor/Localization/RadEditor.Modules.da.resx
sitecore/shell/Controls/Rich Text Editor/Localization/RadEditor.Modules.de.resx
sitecore/shell/Controls/Rich Text Editor/Localization/RadEditor.Modules.ja-JP.resx
sitecore/shell/Controls/Rich Text Editor/Localization/RadEditor.Modules.resx
sitecore/shell/Controls/Rich Text Editor/Localization/RadEditor.Tools.da.resx
sitecore/shell/Controls/Rich Text Editor/Localization/RadEditor.Tools.de.resx
sitecore/shell/Controls/Rich Text Editor/Localization/RadEditor.Tools.ja-JP.resx
sitecore/shell/Controls/Rich Text Editor/Localization/RadEditor.Tools.resx
sitecore/shell/Controls/Sidebar/Sidebar content editor sections.xml
sitecore/shell/Controls/Sidebar/Sidebar content editor viewers.xml
sitecore/shell/Controls/Sidebar/Sidebar divider.xml
sitecore/shell/Controls/Sidebar/Sidebar pane.xml
sitecore/shell/Controls/Sidebar/Sidebar portal.xml
sitecore/shell/Controls/Sidebar/Sidebar tile button.xml
sitecore/shell/Controls/Sidebar/Sidebar tile header.xml
sitecore/shell/Controls/Sidebar/Sidebar tile option.xml
sitecore/shell/Controls/Sidebar/Sidebar tile selected task.xml
sitecore/shell/Controls/Sidebar/Sidebar tile static header.xml
sitecore/shell/Controls/Sidebar/Sidebar tile task.xml
sitecore/shell/Controls/Sidebar/Sidebar tile.xml
sitecore/shell/Controls/Sidebar/Sidebar.xml
sitecore/shell/Controls/Splitters/HSplitter.xml
sitecore/shell/Controls/Splitters/VSplitter.xml
sitecore/shell/Controls/Standard/Form page.xml
sitecore/shell/Controls/Standard/WebPage.xml
sitecore/shell/Controls/Tasks/DisabledTaskOption.xml
sitecore/shell/Controls/Tasks/TaskBackground.xml
sitecore/shell/Controls/Tasks/TaskDivider.xml
sitecore/shell/Controls/Tasks/TaskHeadline.xml
sitecore/shell/Controls/Tasks/TaskLink.xml
sitecore/shell/Controls/Tasks/TaskLinks.xml
sitecore/shell/Controls/Tasks/TaskManager.xml
sitecore/shell/Controls/Tasks/TaskOption.xml
sitecore/shell/Controls/Tasks/TaskOption2.xml
sitecore/shell/Controls/Tasks/TaskOptions.xml
sitecore/shell/Controls/Tasks/TaskPage.aspx
sitecore/shell/Controls/Tasks/TaskPage.xml
sitecore/shell/Controls/Tasks/TaskPageLink.xml
sitecore/shell/Controls/Tasks/TaskText.xml
sitecore/shell/Controls/Tasks/TaskTitle.xml
sitecore/shell/Controls/Tasks/TaskWhatDoYoWantToDo.xml
sitecore/shell/Controls/Testing/CombinationsGrid/CombinationsGrid.css
sitecore/shell/Controls/Testing/CombinationsGrid/CombinationsGrid.js
sitecore/shell/Controls/Toolbars/AutoToolbar.xml
sitecore/shell/Controls/Toolbars/ToolOption.xml
sitecore/shell/Controls/Toolbars/ToolOptions.xml
sitecore/shell/Controls/Toolbars/ToolTask.xml
sitecore/shell/Controls/Toolbars/ToolTasks.xml
sitecore/shell/Controls/TreeviewEx/TreeviewEx.aspx
sitecore/shell/Controls/TreeviewEx/TreeviewEx.js
sitecore/shell/Controls/WebFramework/webframework.js
sitecore/shell/Controls/Windows/BorderWindowChrome.xml
sitecore/shell/Controls/Windows/ContentEditorChrome.xml
sitecore/shell/Controls/Windows/DockWindowChrome.xml
sitecore/shell/Controls/Windows/HeaderlessWindowCaption.xml
sitecore/shell/Controls/Windows/PopupChrome.xml
sitecore/shell/Controls/Windows/StandardWindowButtons.xml
sitecore/shell/Controls/Windows/StandardWindowCaption.xml
sitecore/shell/Controls/Windows/ToolWindowChrome.xml
sitecore/shell/Controls/Windows/WindowButton.xml
sitecore/shell/Controls/Windows/WindowChrome.xml
sitecore/shell/Controls/Windows/WindowFrame.xml
sitecore/shell/Controls/Windows/WindowHeaderlessChrome.xml
sitecore/shell/Feeds/Action.aspx
sitecore/shell/Feeds/Action.css
sitecore/shell/Feeds/Action.js
sitecore/shell/Feeds/feedpage.css
sitecore/shell/Feeds/workflow.js
sitecore/shell/Feeds/Views/WorkflowComment.ascx
sitecore/shell/Schemas/math.xsd
sitecore/shell/Schemas/Sitecore xhtml.xsd
sitecore/shell/Schemas/Sitecore xhtml5.xsd
sitecore/shell/Schemas/sitecore.xsd
sitecore/shell/Schemas/svg.xsd
sitecore/shell/Schemas/xhtml.xsd
sitecore/shell/Schemas/xhtml1-strict.xsd
sitecore/shell/Schemas/xml.xsd
sitecore/shell/templates/CSharp.cs
sitecore/shell/templates/HTMLPage.html
sitecore/shell/templates/JavaScript.js
sitecore/shell/templates/layout.aspx
sitecore/shell/templates/layout.aspx.cs
sitecore/shell/templates/layout.xml
sitecore/shell/templates/StyleSheet.css
sitecore/shell/templates/sublayout.ascx
sitecore/shell/templates/sublayout.ascx.cs
sitecore/shell/templates/TextFile.txt
sitecore/shell/templates/XHTMLPage.html
sitecore/shell/templates/XHTMLPage.html.cs
sitecore/shell/templates/xmlcontrol.xml
sitecore/shell/templates/xmldialog.xml
sitecore/shell/templates/XMLFile.xml
sitecore/shell/templates/xmlform.xml
sitecore/shell/templates/xsl.xslt
sitecore/shell/Themes/Navigator.css
sitecore/shell/Themes/Backgrounds/Blue.jpg
sitecore/shell/Themes/Backgrounds/Building.jpg
sitecore/shell/Themes/Backgrounds/Business.jpg
sitecore/shell/Themes/Backgrounds/Chameleon Cape.jpg
sitecore/shell/Themes/Backgrounds/ColourfulLines.jpg
sitecore/shell/Themes/Backgrounds/ColourfulSky.jpg
sitecore/shell/Themes/Backgrounds/Field.jpg
sitecore/shell/Themes/Backgrounds/Keyboard.jpg
sitecore/shell/Themes/Backgrounds/Light.jpg
sitecore/shell/Themes/Backgrounds/Lighthouse.jpg
sitecore/shell/Themes/Backgrounds/Lighthouse2.jpg
sitecore/shell/Themes/Backgrounds/Pine Neddles.jpg
sitecore/shell/Themes/Backgrounds/Red.jpg
sitecore/shell/Themes/Backgrounds/Shapes.jpg
sitecore/shell/Themes/Backgrounds/Snow.jpg
sitecore/shell/Themes/Backgrounds/Sparkle.jpg
sitecore/shell/Themes/Backgrounds/Stairs.jpg
sitecore/shell/Themes/Backgrounds/Sudak Still Rocky Shore.jpg
sitecore/shell/Themes/Backgrounds/Working.jpg
sitecore/shell/Themes/Backgrounds/Yosemite.jpg
sitecore/shell/Themes/Speak/sitecore-icons.css
sitecore/shell/Themes/Speak/fonts/SitecoreIcons.svg
sitecore/shell/Themes/Speak/fonts/SitecoreIcons.ttf
sitecore/shell/Themes/Speak/fonts/SitecoreIcons.woff
sitecore/shell/Themes/Speak/fonts/SitecoreIcons.woff2
sitecore/shell/Themes/Speak/fonts/SitecoreIconsColored.svg
sitecore/shell/Themes/Speak/fonts/SitecoreIconsColored.ttf
sitecore/shell/Themes/Speak/fonts/SitecoreIconsColored.woff
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Applications.zip
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ApplicationsV2.zip
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Apps.zip
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Business.zip
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/BusinessV2.zip
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Carousel.css
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Control.zip
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Core.zip
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Core2.zip
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Core3.zip
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Database.zip
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Default.css
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Flags.zip
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/FlagsV2.zip
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Floatiebar.css
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/IDE.css
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Imaging.zip
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/MDI.css
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/MediaListview.css
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Mozilla.css
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Multimedia.zip
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Network.zip
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/NetworkV2.zip
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Office.zip
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/OfficeWhite.zip
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Other.zip
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/People.zip
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/PeopleV2.zip
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/phaser.wav
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Sidebar.css
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/SitecoreApps.zip
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Software.zip
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/SoftwareV2.zip
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/standard.zip
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Startbar.css
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ToolCombobutton.css
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/WordProcessing.zip
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Calendar/btn_nextMonth.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Calendar/btn_nextMonthDown.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Calendar/btn_nextMonthHover.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Calendar/btn_nextYear.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Calendar/btn_nextYearDown.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Calendar/btn_nextYearHover.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Calendar/btn_prevMonth.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Calendar/btn_prevMonthDown.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Calendar/btn_prevMonthHover.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Calendar/btn_prevYear.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Calendar/btn_prevYearDown.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Calendar/btn_prevYearHover.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Calendar/dayheader_bg.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Calendar/month_selector.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Calendar/next.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Calendar/prev.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Calendar/spacer.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Calendar/top_headerBg.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Calendar/top_HeaderDayBg.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Calendar/top_HeaderMonthBg.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Calendar/top_HeaderYearBg.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Grid/asc.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Grid/attachment.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Grid/desc.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Grid/flag_blue.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Grid/flag_green.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Grid/flag_none.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Grid/flag_red.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Grid/grid_headerBg.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Grid/group_asc.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Grid/group_desc.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Grid/header1stCell_bg.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Grid/header_bg.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Grid/header_rowBg.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Grid/icon_attachment.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Grid/icon_flag.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Grid/icon_icon.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Grid/icon_priority.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Grid/msg_forwarded.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Grid/msg_read.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Grid/msg_replied.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Grid/msg_unread.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Grid/priority_high.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Grid/priority_low.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Grid/reorder.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Grid/spacer.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Grid/topItem_col.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Grid/topItem_exp.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Grid/lines/dash.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Grid/lines/dashminus.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Grid/lines/dashplus.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Grid/lines/i.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Grid/lines/l.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Grid/lines/lminus.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Grid/lines/lplus.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Grid/lines/minus.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Grid/lines/noexpand.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Grid/lines/plus.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Grid/lines/r.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Grid/lines/rminus.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Grid/lines/rplus.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Grid/lines/t.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Grid/lines/tminus.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Grid/lines/tplus.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Grid/pager/first.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Grid/pager/first_active.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Grid/pager/first_hover.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Grid/pager/last.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Grid/pager/last_active.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Grid/pager/last_hover.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Grid/pager/next.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Grid/pager/next_active.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Grid/pager/next_hover.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Grid/pager/prev.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Grid/pager/prev_active.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Grid/pager/prev_hover.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Grid/pager/slider_bg.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Grid/pager/slider_grip.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Grid/pager/slider_grip_active.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Grid/pager/slider_grip_hover.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Tabstrip/hover_tab_bg.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Tabstrip/hover_tab_bg_jp.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Tabstrip/hover_tab_left_icon.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Tabstrip/hover_tab_left_icon_jp.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Tabstrip/hover_tab_right_icon.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Tabstrip/hover_tab_right_icon_jp.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Tabstrip/selected_tab_bg.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Tabstrip/selected_tab_bg_jp.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Tabstrip/selected_tab_left_icon.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Tabstrip/selected_tab_left_icon_jp.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Tabstrip/selected_tab_right_icon.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Tabstrip/selected_tab_right_icon_jp.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Tabstrip/tab_bg.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Tabstrip/tab_bg_jp.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Tabstrip/tab_left_icon.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Tabstrip/tab_left_icon_jp.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Tabstrip/tab_right_icon.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Tabstrip/tab_right_icon_jp.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Treeview/admin_tools.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Treeview/bg.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Treeview/cd.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Treeview/col.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Treeview/control_panel.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Treeview/desktop.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Treeview/dvd.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Treeview/entire_network.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Treeview/exp.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Treeview/floppy.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Treeview/folder.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Treeview/folder_docs.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Treeview/folder_fonts.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Treeview/folder_music.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Treeview/folder_open.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Treeview/folder_pictures.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Treeview/folder_shared.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Treeview/folder_tasks.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Treeview/folder_web.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Treeview/hard_drive.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Treeview/mycomp.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Treeview/mynet.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Treeview/network_folder.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Treeview/network_node.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Treeview/net_connections.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Treeview/printers.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Treeview/recycle.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Treeview/scanners.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Treeview/scheduled_tasks.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Treeview/spacer.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Treeview/workgroup.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Treeview/lines/dash.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Treeview/lines/dashminus.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Treeview/lines/dashplus.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Treeview/lines/i.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Treeview/lines/l.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Treeview/lines/lminus.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Treeview/lines/lplus.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Treeview/lines/minus.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Treeview/lines/noexpand.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Treeview/lines/plus.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Treeview/lines/r.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Treeview/lines/rminus.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Treeview/lines/rplus.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Treeview/lines/t.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Treeview/lines/tminus.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/ComponentArt/Treeview/lines/tplus.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Custom/128x128/appcenter.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Custom/16x16/appcenter.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Custom/16x16/edit_placeholder_pageeditor.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Custom/16x16/edit_selected_item_pageeditor.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Custom/16x16/error.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Custom/16x16/fxm.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Custom/16x16/fxm_add_page_filter.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Custom/16x16/fxm_assign_marketing_attribute.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Custom/16x16/fxm_capture_click_action.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Custom/16x16/fxm_insert_placeholder.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Custom/16x16/fxm_manage_functions.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Custom/16x16/info.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Custom/16x16/move_pageeditor.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Custom/16x16/pattern.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Custom/16x16/photo_landscape2.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Custom/16x16/photo_landscape2_delete.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Custom/16x16/photo_landscape2_edit.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Custom/16x16/profile.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Custom/16x16/profilecard_thumbnail.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Custom/16x16/profile_customized.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Custom/16x16/profile_personas.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Custom/16x16/profile_thumbnail.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Custom/16x16/Publish.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Custom/16x16/PublishNow.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Custom/16x16/PublishV2.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Custom/16x16/rss.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Custom/16x16/warning.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Custom/24x24/appcenter.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Custom/24x24/fxm.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Custom/24x24/fxm_add_page_filter.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Custom/24x24/fxm_assign_marketing_attribute.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Custom/24x24/fxm_capture_click_action.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Custom/24x24/fxm_insert_placeholder.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Custom/24x24/fxm_manage_functions.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Custom/24x24/globaldevices.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Custom/24x24/pattern.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Custom/24x24/profile.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Custom/24x24/profilecard_thumbnail.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Custom/24x24/profile_customized.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Custom/24x24/profile_personas.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Custom/24x24/profile_thumbnail.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Custom/24x24/Publish.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Custom/24x24/PublishNow.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Custom/24x24/PublishV2.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Custom/24x24/rss.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Custom/24x24/rss_ok.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Custom/32x32/appcenter.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Custom/32x32/fxm.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Custom/32x32/fxm_add_page_filter.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Custom/32x32/fxm_assign_marketing_attribute.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Custom/32x32/fxm_capture_click_action.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Custom/32x32/fxm_insert_placeholder.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Custom/32x32/fxm_manage_functions.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Custom/32x32/pattern.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Custom/32x32/profile.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Custom/32x32/profilecard_thumbnail.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Custom/32x32/profile_customized.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Custom/32x32/profile_personas.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Custom/32x32/profile_thumbnail.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Custom/32x32/Publish.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Custom/32x32/PublishNow.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Custom/32x32/PublishV2.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Custom/32x32/rss.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Custom/48x48/appcenter.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Custom/48x48/fxm.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Custom/48x48/fxm_add_page_filter.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Custom/48x48/fxm_assign_marketing_attribute.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Custom/48x48/fxm_capture_click_action.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Custom/48x48/fxm_insert_placeholder.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Custom/48x48/fxm_manage_functions.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Custom/48x48/pattern.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Custom/48x48/profile.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Custom/48x48/profilecard_thumbnail.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Custom/48x48/profile_customized.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Custom/48x48/Profile_default.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Custom/48x48/profile_personas.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Custom/48x48/profile_thumbnail.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Custom/48x48/Publish.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Custom/48x48/PublishNow.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Custom/48x48/rss.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Custom/48x48/rss_ok.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Default/AccessViewer.css
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Default/Calendar.css
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Default/Common.css
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Default/Content Manager.css
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Default/Controls.css
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Default/Default.css
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Default/DialogModeSwitcher.css
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Default/Dialogs.css
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Default/EditableCombobox.css
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Default/Floatie.css
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Default/Folder.css
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Default/Gallery Find.css
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Default/Gallery.css
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Default/GlobalHeader.css
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Default/Grid.css
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Default/IDE.css
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Default/ItemLister.css
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Default/Listview.css
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Default/Media Folder Viewer.css
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Default/MediaBrowser.css
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Default/Ribbon.css
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Default/SelectItemWithThumbnails.css
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Default/Shell.css
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Default/Startbar.css
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Default/TemplateBuilder.css
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Default/TemplatesFolder.css
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Default/TemplateWorkspaceBaseTemplates.css
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Default/Tiles.css
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Default/Treeview.css
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Default/WebFramework.css
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Default/Windows.css
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Default/Workbox.css
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Firefox/Calendar.css
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Firefox/Common.css
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Firefox/Controls.css
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Firefox/Floatie.css
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Firefox/Gallery Find.css
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Firefox/IDE.css
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Firefox/ItemLister.css
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Firefox/Listview.css
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Gradients/black_v.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Gradients/blue1.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Gradients/blue2.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Gradients/documentblue1.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Gradients/gray1.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Gradients/gray2.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Gradients/gray3.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Gradients/gray_v.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Gradients/green1.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Gradients/green2.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Gradients/lightblue1.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Gradients/menu.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Gradients/orange1.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Gradients/orange2.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Gradients/purple1.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Gradients/red1.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/accept16x16.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/accept20x20.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Accordion_down.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Accordion_down_h.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Accordion_up.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Accordion_up_h.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/administration16x16.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/administration20x20.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/administration32x32.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/administration48x48.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/anchor20x20.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/approvals16x16.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/approvals20x20.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/approvals32x32.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/approvals48x48.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/approve32x32.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/back.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/back16x16.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/back20x20.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/back_h.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/bginstall150x150.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/bg_overlay.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/blank.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/bold16x16.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/bold20x20.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/borders16x16.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/borders20x20.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/bubble0.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/bubble1.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/bubble2.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/bubble3.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/bubble4.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/bubble5.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/bullet5x5.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/bullet_square_green.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/bullet_square_grey.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/bullet_square_red.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/bullet_square_yellow.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/carousel_background.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/carousel_dot.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/carousel_plus.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/check.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/checkoff16x16.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/checkoff20x20.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/checkoff20x20.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/checkon16x16.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/checkon16x16.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/checkon20x20.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/chevrondown16x16.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/chevrondown16x16_h.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/chevronup16x16.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/chevronup16x16_h.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/close.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/closewindow16x16.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/closewindow16x16_h.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/close_h.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/close_red.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/close_red_h.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/collapse15x15.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/collapse9x9.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/collapse9x9.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/combobox.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/combobox_h.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/combobutton9x8.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/content editor bottom bar.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Content Editor Section Background.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Content Editor Section Warning Background.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/ContentEditorRibbonToolbar.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/ContentEditorRibbonToolbarChunk.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/contentheaderbottomleft3x3.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/contentheaderbottomright3x3.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/contentheaderinfo.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/contentheaderinfo.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/contentheadertopleft3x3.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/contentheadertopright3x3.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/contentsection16x16.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/contentsection16x16_h.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/contentsectionbutton1.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/contentsectionbutton1_h.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/contentsectionbutton2.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/contentsectionbutton2_h.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/contentsectionbutton3.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/contentsectionbutton3_h.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/contentsectionbutton4.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/contentsectionbutton5.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/contentsectioncorner1.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/contentsectioncorner1.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/contentsectioncorner2.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/contentsectioncorner2.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/contentsectioncorner3.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/contentsectioncorner3.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/contentsectioncorner4.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/contentsectioncorner4.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/contentsectionleft4x16.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/contentsectionleft4x16_h.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/contentsectionright4x16.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/contentsectionright4x16_h.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/contentstatusbar.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/controlpanel.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/control_button16x16.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/control_checkbox16x16.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/control_date16x16.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/control_datetime16x16.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/control_dropdown16x16.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/control_edit16x16.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/control_hidden16x16.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/control_html16x16.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/control_iframe16x16.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/control_image16x16.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/control_link16x16.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/control_listbox16x16.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/control_multilist16x16.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/control_number16x16.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/control_password16x16.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/control_radio16x16.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/control_rights16x16.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/control_submit16x16.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/control_textarea16x16.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/control_textfile16x16.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/da16x16.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/da20x20.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/danish.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/danish20x20.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/database_core.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/database_master.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/database_web.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/deletecell20x20.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/deletecolumn20x20.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/deleterow20x20.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/dot.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/dot9x9.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/down.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/down_h.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/draghandle3x15.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/draghandle9x15.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/dropdown5x5.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/dropdown7x7.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/error.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/error.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/error_red.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/expand15x15.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/expand9x9.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/expand9x9.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/favorites.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/favorites_h.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/field16x16.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/field7x9.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/firstnode16x16.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Flash.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/forward.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/forward_h.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/GalleryDocumentBottom.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/global_logo.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/go16x16.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/go24x24.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/gradient2800x1.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/gradient2800x16.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/gradient3800x1.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/gradient800x16.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/graygradient1x55.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/grip.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/hamburgermenu_default.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/hamburgermenu_hover_active.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/homebutton.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/homebutton2.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/homebutton2_h.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/homebutton_h.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/image16x16.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/imageleft16x16.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/imagenone16x16.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/ImageNotFound.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/imageright16x16.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/information.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/information_blue.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Inherited9x9.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/insertcell20x20.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/insertcellleft20x20.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/insertcellright20x20.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/insertcolumn20x20.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/insertcolumnleft20x20.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/insertcolumnright20x20.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/insertrow20x20.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/insertrowabove20x20.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/insertrowbelow20x20.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/insert_graphic.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/insert_hyperlink.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/insert_hyperlink.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/install64x64.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/left16x16.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/left16x16_h.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/listviewheader16x17.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/listviewheaderhover16x17.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/loading15x15.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/logo32x32.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/maximizewindow16x16.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/maximizewindow16x16_h.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/menudropdown9x8.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/menudropdown_black9x8.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/minimizewindow16x16.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/minimizewindow16x16_h.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/navigate_down.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/navigate_up.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/new_symbol.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/No9x9.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/noexpand15x15.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/noexpand9x9.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/noexpand9x9.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/previewmenu.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/previewmenu_h.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/progress.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/question9x9.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/radiooff16x16.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/radiooff16x16.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/radiooff20x20.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/radioon16x16.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/radioon16x16.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/radioon20x20.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/ribbon.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/RibbonButtonHover.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/RibbonButtonSelected.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/RibbonChunkGlyph.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/RibbonChunkGlyph_h.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/RibbonContextualTabSelected.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/ribboncrumb16x16.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/ribbondropdown.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/ribbondropdown_h.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/RibbonLargeButtonDown.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/RibbonLargeButtonHover.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/RibbonNavigatorButtonActive.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/RibbonNavigatorContextualButtonActive.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/RibbonQuickAccess.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/RibbonScrollPanelDropDown.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/RibbonScrollPanelDropDown_h.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/RibbonSmallButtonDown.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/RibbonSmallButtonHover.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/RibbonTabSelected.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/RibbonToolbarChunk.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/RibbonToolbarChunkHover.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/RibbonToolbarContextualChunk.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/RibbonToolbarContextualStrip.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/RibbonToolbarStrip.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/RibbonToolButton.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/ribbon_collapser.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/ribbon_expander.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/right16x16.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/right16x16_d.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/right16x16_h.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/sc-spinner15.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/sc-spinner16.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/sc-spinner32.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/scrollerleft.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/scrollerleft_h.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/scrollerright.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/scrollerright_h.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/seperator.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/shelldetails.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/shelldetails2.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/sitecore-loader16.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/sitecore-loader24.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/sitecorebutton76x24.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/SitecoreImage.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/SitecoreLogo.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/SitecoreOwnTheExperience.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/SitecoreTriangle.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/skin.css
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/smallgrip.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/sortdown9x5.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/sortup9x5.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/sparkle.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/spin16x16.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/spindown16x16.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/spinup16x16.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/start16x16.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/start32x32.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/start48x48.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/startbar32x29.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/startbarapp16x27.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/startbarappdown16x27.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/startbarappdownleft2x27.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/startbarappdownright2x27.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/startbarappleft2x27.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/startbarappright2x27.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/startbarbutton24x29.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/startbarbuttonleft5x29.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/startbarbuttonright9x29.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/startbutton.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/startbutton_h.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/startmenubottom380x41.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/startmenuleftdivider.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/startmenurightdivider.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/startmenutop380x67.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/steel.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/steel.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/submenu16x16.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/tab.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/tab0.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/tab1.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/tab2.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/tab3.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/tab4.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/tab5.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/tab6.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/tab_close_24x24.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/tab_close_24x24_h.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/tab_filler.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/tab_h.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/taskbackground.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Taskbox_bottom.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Taskbox_bottomleft.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Taskbox_bottomright.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Taskbox_chevrondown.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Taskbox_chevrondown_h.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Taskbox_chevronup.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Taskbox_chevronup_h.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Taskbox_topleftdown.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Taskbox_topleftup.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/toolbarbackground.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/toolbar_background.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/toolclose.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/toolclose_h.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/toolinfo.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/toolmaximize.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/toolmaximize_h.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/toolminimize.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/toolminimize_h.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/tooltip_closebutton.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/toolwindow.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/treecrumb9x8.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/treecrumb_glyph9x8.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/treemenu_collapsed.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/treemenu_collapsed_hover.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/treemenu_expanded.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/treemenu_expanded_hover.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/treemenu_search_arrow.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/treeviewheader16x16.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/treeviewheader16x17.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/urlrendering16x16.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/urlrendering20x20.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Wallpaper.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/warning.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/warning_yellow.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/windowtopleft14x2.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/windowtopleft22x2.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/windowtopleft4x4.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/windowtopright14x2.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/windowtopright22x2.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/windowtopright4x4.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/wizard164x313.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/yes9x9.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/16x16/msazure.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/24x24/msazure.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/32x32/msazure.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/48x48/msazure.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Content Editor/GutterFlyout.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Content Editor/HeaderBackground.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Content Editor/Pager.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Content Editor/SearchBackground.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Content Editor/SectionBackground.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Content Editor/Splitter.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Content Editor/TreeViewGutter.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Editor/ImageManager.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Editor/LinkManager.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Editor/WebResource.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Editor/WebResource.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Editor/WebResource2.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Editor/WebResource2.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Galleries/Grip.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Galleries/GripBackground.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Galleries/SystemMenuBottom.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Galleries/SystemMenuToolbuttonBackground.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/ja/RibbonToolbarChunk.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/ja/RibbonToolbarChunkHover.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/ja/RibbonToolbarContextualChunk.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/JCarousel/carouselbg.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/JCarousel/next-horizontal-disabled.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/JCarousel/next-horizontal-hover.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/JCarousel/next-horizontal.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/JCarousel/prev-horizontal-disabled.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/JCarousel/prev-horizontal-hover.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/JCarousel/prev-horizontal.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Login/sc-message-bar-icons.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/PageEditor/add_to_here_left.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/PageEditor/add_to_here_left_hover.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/PageEditor/bar-chart.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/PageEditor/bg_hidden_rendering.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/PageEditor/bg_hover_frame_corner_bl.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/PageEditor/bg_hover_frame_corner_br.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/PageEditor/bg_hover_frame_corner_tl.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/PageEditor/bg_hover_frame_corner_tr.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/PageEditor/bg_hover_frame_horizontal.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/PageEditor/bg_hover_frame_vertical.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/PageEditor/bg_move_control_bottom.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/PageEditor/bg_move_control_left.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/PageEditor/bg_move_control_right.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/PageEditor/bg_move_control_top.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/PageEditor/bg_transparent.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/PageEditor/corner.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/PageEditor/EmptyPlaceholderBg.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/PageEditor/loading-indicator.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/PageEditor/move_to_here_center.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/PageEditor/move_to_here_center_hover.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/PageEditor/move_to_here_left.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/PageEditor/move_to_here_left_hover.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/PageEditor/move_to_here_right.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/PageEditor/move_to_here_right_hover.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/PageEditor/next.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/PageEditor/prev.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/PageEditor/toolbar_progress.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Personalization/PresetRowSelected.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Personalization/ProfileCardSelected.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/PipelineProfiling/font_char49_red_16.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/PipelineProfiling/font_char50_orange_16.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/PipelineProfiling/font_char51_yellow_16.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Progress/background.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Progress/background_center.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Progress/background_left.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Progress/background_media.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Progress/background_right.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Progress/filler.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Progress/filler_error.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Progress/filler_media.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Progress/globalsearch_close.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Progress/globalsearch_close_H.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Progress/globalsearch_close_H_blue.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Progress/globalsearch_progress.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Progress/more_collapsed.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Progress/more_expanded.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/ProgressIndicator/ajax-loader.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/ProgressIndicator/sc-spinner16.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/ProgressIndicator/sc-spinner32.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Ribbon/ContextualTabBackground.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Ribbon/Infobar.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Ribbon/LargeButtonActive.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Ribbon/PanelDown.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Ribbon/PanelDown_h.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Ribbon/PanelOpen.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Ribbon/PanelOpen_h.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Ribbon/PanelUp.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Ribbon/PanelUp_h.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Ribbon/ribbon_panel_down.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Ribbon/ribbon_panel_down_h.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Ribbon/ribbon_panel_open.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Ribbon/ribbon_panel_open_h.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Ribbon/ribbon_panel_up.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Ribbon/ribbon_panel_up_h.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Ribbon/SmallButtonActive.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Ribbon/tab0.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Ribbon/tab0_h.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Ribbon/tab1.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Ribbon/tab1_h.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Ribbon/tab2.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Ribbon/tab2_h1.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Ribbon/tab2_h2.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Ribbon/tab3.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Ribbon/tab3_h.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Ribbon/tab4.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Ribbon/tab5.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Ribbon/tab6.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Ribbon/tab7.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Ribbon/V2/ribbon_area.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Ribbon/V2/ribbon_area_jp.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Ribbon/V2/ribbon_groupsplitter.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Ribbon/V2/splitter.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Ribbon/V2/tab_all_withshadow_left.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Ribbon/V2/tab_shadow_left.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Ribbon/V2/treecrumb_area2.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/RSS/feed-icon-10x10.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/RSS/feed-icon-12x12.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/RSS/feed-icon-14x14.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/RSS/feed-icon-16x16.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/RSS/feed-icon-24x24.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/RSS/feed-icon-32x32.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Security/large_allow_disabled.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Security/large_allow_disabled_h.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Security/large_allow_enabled.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Security/large_allow_enabled_d.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Security/large_allow_enabled_h.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Security/large_deny_disabled.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Security/large_deny_disabled_h.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Security/large_deny_enabled.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Security/large_deny_enabled_d.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Security/large_deny_enabled_h.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Security/NA.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Security/small_allow_disabled.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Security/small_allow_disabled_h.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Security/small_allow_enabled.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Security/small_allow_enabled_d.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Security/small_allow_enabled_h.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Security/small_deny_disabled.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Security/small_deny_disabled_h.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Security/small_deny_enabled.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Security/small_deny_enabled_d.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Security/small_deny_enabled_h.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Speak/16x16/Startpage.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Speak/24x24/Startpage.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Speak/32x32/Startpage.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Speak/48x48/Startpage.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Startbar/ApplicationBackground.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Startbar/ApplicationBackgroundDown.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Startbar/ApplicationLeft.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Startbar/ApplicationLeftDown.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Startbar/ApplicationRight.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Startbar/ApplicationRightDown.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Startbar/bottom.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Startbar/desktop_arrow.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Startbar/desktop_divider.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Startbar/icon_desktop_database.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Startbar/StartbarBackground.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Startbar/StartButton.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Startbar/StartButton_h.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Startbar/StartButton_h_green.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Startbar/top.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Startbar/ja/bottom.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Startbar/ja/top.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Toolbar/ToolbarBackground.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Toolbar/ToolbuttonBackground.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Toolbar/ToolbuttonDownBackground.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Toolbar/ToolDivider.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Tree/TreeNodeActiveBackground.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Tree/TreeNodeNormalBackground.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/WebEdit/bullets.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/WebEdit/default_image.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/WebEdit/default_image.svg
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/WebEdit/droptarget.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/WebEdit/droptarget_h.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/WebEdit/Handle.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/WebEdit/more_collapsed.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/WebEdit/more_expanded.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/WebEdit/Tooltip.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/WebFramework/background-1.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/WebFramework/background-dropshadow-left.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/WebFramework/background-dropshadow-right.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/WebFramework/sectionline.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/WebFramework/stripe-error.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/WebFramework/stripe-success.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/WebFramework/stripe-warning.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/WebFramework/expanders/triangle_collapsed.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/WebFramework/expanders/triangle_expanded.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/WebFramework/highlights/blue_active_47.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/WebFramework/highlights/blue_hover_47.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Window Management/close.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Window Management/close_h.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Window Management/close_red.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Window Management/close_red_h.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Window Management/dialog_close.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Window Management/dialog_close_h.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Window Management/dialog_maximize.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Window Management/dialog_maximize_h.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Window Management/dialog_minimize.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Window Management/dialog_minimize_h.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Window Management/dialog_restore.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Window Management/dialog_restore_h.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Window Management/maximize.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Window Management/maximize_h.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Window Management/minimize.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Window Management/minimize_h.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Window Management/page_close.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Window Management/page_close_h.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Window Management/page_maximize.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Window Management/page_maximize_h.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Window Management/page_minimize.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Window Management/page_minimize_h.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Window Management/page_restore.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Window Management/page_restore_h.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Window Management/page_switcher.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Window Management/page_switcher_h.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Window Management/switch.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Window Management/switch_blue.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Window Management/switch_blue_h.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Images/Window Management/switch_h.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Internet Explorer/AccessViewer.css
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Internet Explorer/Content Manager.css
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Internet Explorer/Default.css
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Internet Explorer/Folder.css
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Internet Explorer/Grid.css
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Internet Explorer/Media Folder Viewer.css
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Internet Explorer/OpenSans.css
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Internet Explorer/Startbar.css
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Internet Explorer/Windows.css
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Reports/FirstPage.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Reports/FirstPageDisabled.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Reports/handle.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Reports/handle_d.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Reports/LastPage.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Reports/LastPageDisabled.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Reports/Loading.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Reports/MenuMail.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Reports/MenuPrint.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Reports/MenuPrintPdf.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Reports/MenuPrintWithoutPreview.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Reports/MenuPrintWithPreview.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Reports/MenuSave.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Reports/MenuSaveBmp.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Reports/MenuSaveCsv.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Reports/MenuSaveDbase.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Reports/MenuSaveDbf.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Reports/MenuSaveDif.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Reports/MenuSaveDocument.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Reports/MenuSaveExcel.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Reports/MenuSaveExcel2007.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Reports/MenuSaveExcelXml.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Reports/MenuSaveGif.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Reports/MenuSaveHtml.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Reports/MenuSaveJpeg.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Reports/MenuSaveMetafile.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Reports/MenuSaveMht.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Reports/MenuSaveOds.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Reports/MenuSaveOdt.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Reports/MenuSavePcx.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Reports/MenuSavePdf.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Reports/MenuSavePng.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Reports/MenuSavePowerPoint.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Reports/MenuSaveRtf.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Reports/MenuSaveSvg.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Reports/MenuSaveSvgz.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Reports/MenuSaveSylk.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Reports/MenuSaveText.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Reports/MenuSaveTiff.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Reports/MenuSaveWord2007.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Reports/MenuSaveXml.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Reports/MenuSaveXps.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Reports/MenuViewMode.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Reports/MenuViewModeOnePage.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Reports/MenuViewModeWholeReport.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Reports/MenuZoom.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Reports/NextPage.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Reports/NextPageDisabled.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Reports/PrevPage.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Reports/PrevPageDisabled.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Reports/Print.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Reports/PrintDisabled.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Reports/Save.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Reports/SaveDisabled.gif
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Reports/track-left.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Reports/track-repeat.png
sitecore/shell/Themes/Standard/Reports/track-right.png
sitecore/shell/version/Sitecore Platform.version
sitecore/shell/WebService/Service.asmx
sitecore modules/Shell/EmailCampaign/Web.config
sitecore modules/Shell/EmailCampaign/Images/check_document.png
sitecore modules/Shell/EmailCampaign/Images/pawn_view.png
sitecore modules/Shell/EmailCampaign/Images/spindown.png
sitecore modules/Shell/EmailCampaign/Images/spindown_h.png
sitecore modules/Shell/EmailCampaign/Images/spinup.png
sitecore modules/Shell/EmailCampaign/Images/spinup_h.png
sitecore modules/Shell/EmailCampaign/Images/tooltip_arrow.gif
sitecore modules/Shell/EmailCampaign/UI/EmailCampaignShell.css
sitecore modules/Shell/EmailCampaign/UI/Controls/MessageMemo.js
sitecore modules/Shell/EmailCampaign/UI/Controls/TriStateBox.css
sitecore modules/Shell/EmailCampaign/UI/Controls/TriStateBox.js
sitecore modules/Shell/EmailCampaign/UI/Dialogs/AddWebPageMessage.xml
sitecore modules/Shell/EmailCampaign/UI/Dialogs/ImportUsersToRecipientListWizard.xml
sitecore modules/Shell/EmailCampaign/UI/Dialogs/MessageBody.aspx
sitecore modules/Shell/EmailCampaign/UI/Dialogs/TestSMTPConnection.xml
sitecore modules/Shell/EmailCampaign/UI/Editors/InsertFolder.xaml.xml
sitecore modules/Shell/EmailCampaign/UI/Editors/MessageFolder.xaml.xml
sitecore modules/Shell/EmailCampaign/UI/Editors/MessagePreview.css
sitecore modules/Shell/EmailCampaign/UI/Editors/MessagePreview.xaml.xml
sitecore modules/Web/EXM/ConfirmSubscription.aspx
sitecore modules/Web/EXM/DedicatedDispatchService.asmx
sitecore modules/Web/EXM/ListUnsubscribe.aspx
sitecore modules/Web/EXM/RedirectUrlPage.aspx
sitecore modules/Web/EXM/RegisterEmailOpened.ashx
sitecore modules/Web/EXM/SubscriptionPreferences.ashx
sitecore modules/Web/EXM/Unsubscribe.aspx
sitecore modules/Web/EXM/UnsubscribeFromAll.aspx
sitecore modules/Web/EXM/images/1x1.gif
sitecore modules/Web/EXM/layouts/Single Column Layout.aspx
sitecore modules/Web/EXM/layouts/Text Message Layout.aspx
sitecore modules/Web/EXM/layouts/Two Column Layout.aspx
sitecore modules/Web/EXM/layouts/Imported/readme.txt
sitecore modules/Web/EXM/layouts/SampleNewsletter/ContentSection.cshtml
sitecore modules/Web/EXM/layouts/SampleNewsletter/Footer.cshtml
sitecore modules/Web/EXM/layouts/SampleNewsletter/Header.cshtml
sitecore modules/Web/EXM/layouts/SampleNewsletter/ImageSection.cshtml
sitecore modules/Web/EXM/layouts/SampleNewsletter/Layout.cshtml
sitecore modules/Web/EXM/layouts/SampleNewsletter/ListSection.cshtml
sitecore modules/Web/EXM/layouts/SampleNewsletter/SingleCTASection.cshtml
sitecore modules/Web/EXM/layouts/SampleNewsletter/TwoColumnCTASection.cshtml
sitecore modules/Web/EXM/layouts/SampleNewsletter/Web.config
sitecore modules/Web/EXM/layouts/Templates/Alternating Columns.aspx
sitecore modules/Web/EXM/layouts/Templates/Call To Action Focus.aspx
sitecore modules/Web/EXM/layouts/Templates/Image Focus.aspx
sitecore modules/Web/EXM/layouts/Templates/Main Layout.aspx
sitecore modules/Web/EXM/layouts/Templates/Thee Column Long.aspx
sitecore modules/Web/EXM/layouts/Templates/Two Column.aspx
sitecore modules/Web/EXM/sublayouts/Email/Body Block Two Column.ascx
sitecore modules/Web/EXM/sublayouts/Email/Body Block.ascx
sitecore modules/Web/EXM/sublayouts/Email/Call To Action Block.ascx
sitecore modules/Web/EXM/sublayouts/Email/Footer Block.ascx
sitecore modules/Web/EXM/sublayouts/Email/Header Image Block.ascx
sitecore modules/Web/EXM/sublayouts/Email/Header Text Block.ascx
sitecore modules/Web/EXM/sublayouts/Email/Image.ascx
sitecore modules/Web/EXM/sublayouts/Email/Left Image Block.ascx
sitecore modules/Web/EXM/sublayouts/Email/Preview Block.ascx
sitecore modules/Web/EXM/sublayouts/Email/Right Image Block.ascx
sitecore modules/Web/EXM/xsl/Display Body.xslt
sitecore modules/Web/EXM/xsl/Display Footer.xslt
sitecore modules/Web/EXM/xsl/Display Sidebar.xslt
sitecore modules/Web/EXM/xsl/Edit Message Subject.xslt
sitecore modules/Web/EXM/xsl/Set Page Title.xslt
sitecore modules/Web/EXM/xsl/Test Web Page Message.xslt
sitecore modules/Web/EXM/xsl/Text Message.xslt
sitecore modules/Web/ExperienceExplorer/Assets/experience-explorer-iframe.js
sitecore modules/Web/ExperienceExplorer/Assets/experience-explorer-iframe.min.js
sitecore modules/Web/ExperienceExplorer/Assets/experience-explorer.js
sitecore modules/Web/ExperienceExplorer/Assets/experience-explorer.min.js
sitecore modules/Web/ExperienceExplorer/Assets/vendors.js
sitecore modules/Web/ExperienceExplorer/Assets/vendors.min.js
sitecore modules/Web/ExperienceExplorer/Assets/css/experience-explorer-iframe.css
sitecore modules/Web/ExperienceExplorer/Assets/css/experience-explorer.css
sitecore modules/Web/ExperienceExplorer/Assets/images/bullet_circle_green.png
sitecore modules/Web/ExperienceExplorer/Assets/images/bullet_circle_red.png
sitecore modules/Web/ExperienceExplorer/Assets/images/bullet_circle_yellow.png
sitecore modules/Web/ExperienceExplorer/Assets/images/check-icon.gif
sitecore modules/Web/ExperienceExplorer/Assets/images/con-tick.png
sitecore modules/Web/ExperienceExplorer/Assets/images/default.jpg
sitecore modules/Web/ExperienceExplorer/Assets/images/element_selection.png
sitecore modules/Web/ExperienceExplorer/Assets/images/fixed-mode.png
sitecore modules/Web/ExperienceExplorer/Assets/images/journey-mode.png
sitecore modules/Web/ExperienceExplorer/Assets/images/loading.gif
sitecore modules/Web/ExperienceExplorer/Assets/images/mode.png
sitecore modules/Web/ExperienceExplorer/Assets/images/no-image.jpg
sitecore modules/Web/ExperienceExplorer/Assets/images/sc-edit.png
sitecore modules/Web/ExperienceExplorer/Assets/images/star.png
sitecore modules/Web/ExperienceExplorer/Assets/images/views.png
sitecore modules/Web/ExperienceExplorer/Assets/js/experience-explorer-app.js
sitecore modules/Web/ExperienceExplorer/Assets/js/experience-explorer-client-model.js
sitecore modules/Web/ExperienceExplorer/Assets/js/experience-explorer-geo-ip.js
sitecore modules/Web/ExperienceExplorer/Assets/js/experience-explorer-init.js
sitecore modules/Web/ExperienceExplorer/Assets/js/experience-explorer-loading.js
sitecore modules/Web/ExperienceExplorer/Assets/js/experience-explorer-maps.js
sitecore modules/Web/ExperienceExplorer/Assets/js/experience-explorer-presets.js
sitecore modules/Web/ExperienceExplorer/Assets/js/experience-explorer-rules.js
sitecore modules/Web/ExperienceExplorer/Assets/js/experience-explorer-search.js
sitecore modules/Web/ExperienceExplorer/Assets/js/experience-explorer-slide-out.js
sitecore modules/Web/ExperienceExplorer/Assets/vendors/bootstrap/js/widget.js
sitecore modules/Web/ExperienceExplorer/Assets/vendors/jcarousel/jquery.jcarousel.js
sitecore modules/Web/ExperienceExplorer/Assets/vendors/jquery/jquery-1.10.2.js
sitecore modules/Web/ExperienceExplorer/Assets/vendors/jquery/jquery-1.10.2.min.js
sitecore modules/Web/ExperienceExplorer/Assets/vendors/jquery/jquery-1.10.2.min.map
sitecore modules/Web/ExperienceExplorer/Assets/vendors/jsviews/jsviews.min.js
sitecore modules/Web/ExperienceExplorer/Commands/ExplorerMode.js
sitecore modules/Web/ExperienceExplorer/Controls/ExpEditor.aspx
sitecore modules/Web/ExperienceExplorer/Controls/ExpExplorerExtender.ascx
sitecore modules/Web/ExperienceExplorer/Controls/ExpFooter.ascx
sitecore modules/Web/ExperienceExplorer/Controls/ExpHeader.ascx
sitecore modules/Web/ExperienceExplorer/Controls/ExpViewer.aspx
sitecore modules/Web/ExperienceExplorer/Controls/GlobalHeader.ascx
sitecore modules/Web/ExperienceExplorer/Dialogs/SelectUser.xaml.xml
sitecore modules/Web/ExperienceForms/scripts/form.conditions.js
sitecore modules/Web/ExperienceForms/scripts/form.tracking.js
sitecore modules/Web/ExperienceForms/scripts/form.validate.js
sitecore modules/Web/ExperienceForms/scripts/jquery-3.4.1.min.js
sitecore modules/Web/ExperienceForms/scripts/jquery.unobtrusive-ajax.min.js
sitecore modules/Web/ExperienceForms/scripts/jquery.validate.min.js
sitecore modules/Web/ExperienceForms/scripts/jquery.validate.unobtrusive.min.js
sitecore_files/Web.config
temp/dictionary.dat
temp/readme.txt
Views/Web.config
Views/FormBuilder/Field.cshtml
Views/FormBuilder/Form.cshtml
Views/FormBuilder/web.config
Views/FormBuilder/FieldTemplates/Button.cshtml
Views/FormBuilder/FieldTemplates/Checkbox.cshtml
Views/FormBuilder/FieldTemplates/CheckboxList.cshtml
Views/FormBuilder/FieldTemplates/Date.cshtml
Views/FormBuilder/FieldTemplates/DropdownList.cshtml
Views/FormBuilder/FieldTemplates/Email.cshtml
Views/FormBuilder/FieldTemplates/EmailConfirmation.cshtml
Views/FormBuilder/FieldTemplates/FileUpload.cshtml
Views/FormBuilder/FieldTemplates/ListBox.cshtml
Views/FormBuilder/FieldTemplates/MultipleLineText.cshtml
Views/FormBuilder/FieldTemplates/Number.cshtml
Views/FormBuilder/FieldTemplates/Page.cshtml
Views/FormBuilder/FieldTemplates/Password.cshtml
Views/FormBuilder/FieldTemplates/PasswordConfirmation.cshtml
Views/FormBuilder/FieldTemplates/RadioButtonList.cshtml
Views/FormBuilder/FieldTemplates/Section.cshtml
Views/FormBuilder/FieldTemplates/SingleLineText.cshtml
Views/FormBuilder/FieldTemplates/Telephone.cshtml
Views/FormBuilder/FieldTemplates/Text.cshtml
Views/Shared/ExperienceExplorerView.cshtml
xsl/sample rendering.xslt
xsl/system/WebEdit/Hidden Rendering.xslt
